lead maintenance mechanic summary lead maintenance mechanic with 7 years experience specializing conveyor equipment, sortation systems, skills electrical maintenance skills including ac motors, sensors, and controls. experience in basic facilities maintenance. mechanical skills focused primarily on the repair and maintaining of experienced in spare parts inventory, and ordering. conveyor and sortation systems.  basic understanding of ethernet networks and the  specialized focus in working with crisplant s2000 series tilt tray tcp ip protocol stack. sorters. proven track record of on the job skill advancement. strong communication both written and verbal. experience company name city , state lead maintenance mechanic 06 2016 to current in addition to previous duties as a maintenance mechanic supervised a team of four mechanics. provided onsite technical guidance, and skill development to maintenance team. planned and executed the preventative maintenance program on various conveyor systems. coordinated with various levels of management across the distribution center with regards to equipment service and availability. oversaw and performed various facility maintenance duties. handled all parts purchasing and coordinated with vendors regarding lead times and availability. continued to work hands on with all equipment. served as primary point of contact for technical issues requiring outside vendor assistance. served as onsite it contact for issues regarding connectivity. implemented cctv as an an ip solution, installing and configuring hikivision servers in an enterprise network. developed and implemented equipment preventative maintenance program, primarily utilizing the ms office suite. maintained data and accountability pertaining to the program. company name city , state maintenance mechanic 06 2014 to 06 2016 performed preventative maintenance on mechanical systems, primarily conveyors. performed unscheduled, and emergency repairs on mechanical systems. replaced gearboxes, reducers, sprockets, chains, and most mechanical drive components. modified mechanical systems where possible to improve equipment reliability and availability. including specification of alternative parts, and maintenance methodology. made basic hardware modifications to control systems, specified replacements for obsolete motor control components. performed ac motor replacement. performed troubleshooting, replacement, and repair of various motor, and control components including photo electric switches, encoders, tachometers, inductive proximity sensors, limit switches, emergency stop hardware, speed control vfd , pc back planes, solenoids, float switches, pressure switches, motor starters, motor overloads, branch circuit protection. worked extensively on belt conveyors, live rollers. specialized in the repair and maintenance of an s2000 series crisplant tilt tray sortation system. installed pallet racking systems per engineering drawings. operated with minimal supervision. company name city , state maintenance technician 06 2013 to 06 2014 maintained various mechanical systems, primarily conveyors. maintained various electrical systems, primarily on conveyor systems. maintained, and repaired industrial battery chargers. maintained industrial batteries. performed various facilities maintenance duties as needed. maintaining high bay lighting, egress lighting, exterior lighting etc. installed various cctv components, cabling. installed ethernet cabling.  company name city , state maintenance helper 06 2011 to 06 2013 assisted mechanics with preventative maintenance on conveyor systems. assisted mechanics with electrical installations and repairs. performed basic facilities maintenance. assisted with the assembly, and repair of warehouse racking systems. performed maintenance on a fleet industrial batteries. company name city , state warehouse associate 01 2010 to 06 2011 perform general warehouse duties pertaining to open stock. use of rf handheld scanner. picking packing education and training h.s 2004 west deptford high , city , state lock out tag out 2016 j. j. keller associates, inc. , city , state , united states last renewed 12 19 2016 personal protective equipment 2016 j. j. keller associates, inc. , city , state , united states last renewed 9 26 2016 electrical safety training for unqualified employees 2016 j. j. keller associates, inc. , city , state , united states fall protection workplace safety 2016 j. j. keller associates, inc. , city , state , united states last renew 9 14 2016 welding safety 2015 j. j. keller associates, inc. , city , state , united states last renewed 12 16 2015 machine guard safety 2015 j. j. keller associates, inc. , city , state , united states last renew 12 15 2015 technical skills experienced in the mechanical and electrical maintenance, and repair of conveyor systems. specifically experienced in the following products. buschman unisort iv buschman unisort x buschman accuglide, accuglide plus various v-belt powered live roller conveyors various belt on slider bed systems various belt on roller systems stewart-glappat extendable truck unloaders adjust-o-veyor crisplant s2000 tilt tray sorters. fki logistics line-shaft driven live rollers. tech king operations champ control systems. buschman boss2 realtime controls. crisplant s2000 control system. heavy focus on troubleshooting carton sortation systems. both electrical, and mechanical. to a lesser extent network connectivity and server administration. experience leading a maintenance team across multiple shifts. ability to operate most powered industrial equipment, including forklifts, order pickers, aerial work platforms skyjacks , and boom trucks. experienced in the troubleshooting and repair of conveyor motor control systems. experienced with the installation and configuration of variable frequency drives. functional knowledge of ethernet networking and the tcp ip stack. reads and understands most types of electrical and mechanical drawings.