senior product development manager summary product development, sourcing and retail professional respected retail professional who leverages expertise in production, negotiation, supplier management, and relationship building skills, to drive and deliver solid business results. highly adept with working with cross-functional teams and key stakeholders to maximize business opportunities . strong leadership skills, demonstrated success with managing initiatives of varying scope and sizes, and working collaboratively for optimal results. skills team leadership product launch global experience process improvement project management innovation problem solving client relations budget management contract negotiation experience senior product development manager jul 2015 to current company name city , state created a robust product development team that interacts with design and sales in partnership with the parent company tal, the world s leading manufacturer of men s high quality dress shirts. created structure and organization to build a product development team that executes to strict time action guidelines. developed  processes and systems to improve workload efficiencies and improve timing of deliverables. worked to maintain focus and execution while encouraging innovative thinking and ideas. conducted intensive competitive shopping activities both in store and on line. worked across design , sales and external customers to deliver over 100 million at cost annually.   sourcing senior manager jan 2007 to jan 2015 company name city , state sourcing senior manager 2007 march 2015 2014 - 2015 women s sweaters    100 million at cost              2012 - 2014 men s knits             120 million at cost   2011- 2012  mens wo s sweaters   100 million at cost 2007- 2010  woven bottoms             100 million at cost served as a key member of jcpenney s private label sourcing team. leveraged extensive knowledge of cotton rich products, fabric construction, and garment production, and drove the execution of strategic global sourcing activities, including vendor and supplier selection, negotiation, quality control, and critical project management. ensured sourcing plans and strategies were aligned with business objectives to maximize profit and growth margins. traveled extensively to maximize business opportunities, evaluated factory capabilities, and visited apparel operations in egypt, bahrain, bangladesh, india, vietnam, china and hong kong. managed key vendor relationships and collaborated with international buying office, buyers, designers, and product development teams to procure quality garments that met buyer costs targets. produced cost savings of millions of dollars over multiple programs. allocation manager feb 2003 to feb 2006 company name city , state led and directed a team of allocators across multiple buying offices, and managed the allocation of more than 200m in merchandise to 1100 stores annually. drove continuous improvement initiatives, and enhanced operational efficiencies, including special focus on managing inventory in top stores, and implementation of an allocation system, resulting in increased sales and revenue. collaborated with buying, merchandising, and marketing teams to determine merchandise allocation to optimize sales performance, and monitored and analyzed sales and demographic data, to drive continuous improvement in sales and profit. senior project manager business operations feb 2000 to feb 2003 company name city , state provided leadership, oversight, and management of multiple key initiatives within various business units, with budgets ranging from 2m to 20m. managed overall scope, design, resources, testing, deployment, implementation, and training for a company wide systems launch. drove strategy and processes to revolutionize the company s buying operations, leading to improved efficiencies and profitability. supported the business operations division and worked with a cross-functional team including buying, planning, it and allocation, and developed and implemented a company-wide allocation system. created training documentation and led the training of 200 newly hired allocators. prior experience sr. assistant buyer, assistant buyer, merchandise manager company name city , state education and training bachelor of science , merchandising and marketing activities and honors textile academy i,ii,iii cotton , inc.  volunteer samaritan inn of mckinney , texas collin county s largest homeless shelter volunteer jcp cares , jcpenney s volunteer organization skills budget management, business operations, client relations, corporate social responsibility, innovation, inventory, leadership, team leadership,marketing, merchandising, microsoft office, negotiation,problem solving,process improvement, product development, profit, project management, quality control, sourcing.