public relations director summary talented pr professional with 11 years expertise developing and executing all aspects of public outreach campaigns to increase media exposure and support strategic marketing initiatives. proven creative talent with demonstrated strength in media production, messaging, communications and dissemination techniques and methods. deep understanding of media relations accomplished track record of securing live television and on-site press coverage. highlights publicity and communications writing and editing vendor and client relations strategic messaging media relations special event coordination integrated campaigns email marketing project oversight crisis communication advertising journalistic interviews experience public relations director , 01 2016 to current company name city , state assistant director of public relations , 01 2010 to 01 2016 company name city , state directed the college s media relations activities, including the production and dissemination of press releases, media advisories, and public service announcements. enhanced relationships with media to realize increased cooperation and better press coverage. managed editorial content, design, and distribution of the college s official e-newsletters. conducted media training for college spokesperson and other college personnel as needed. leveraged technical resources to design and create e-marketing campaign deliverables for the brcc foundation. transformed internal and external communication by implementing e-marketing strategies. wrote and edited articles, web content, advertising copy, and publications for internal and external audiences. proactively sought favorable press coverage opportunities. developed and managed the institutional advancement budget up to 350,000 for 2 consecutive years. spearheaded the college s commencement exercises for more than 5 years. coordinated a variety of press conferences including articulation agreements, groundbreaking ceremonies, ribbon cuttings, and special announcements. created 15 public relations campaigns annually garnering approximately 250k in earned media. researched, negotiated, implemented, and tracked advertising and public relations activities. spearheaded and executed pr campaigns for campus events and activities, and greatly increased participation. protected the brcc branded image by effectively managing all internal and external communications materials revised the outdated graphics standards manual, and directed staff on proper use. media specialist , 02 2006 to 01 2010 company name city , state developed news releases, media kits and collateral material. built effective relationships with the media, including writing press releases and making phone calls to generate publicity. oversaw content production such as advertisements, social media, and online pr. edited and distributed press releases and pitches to local and national media outlets securing positive coverage. developed talking points for press conferences and other events. created content for the college s annual report. wrote articles for the web. gathered, edited, and wrote articles for the college printed newspaper good news, and wrote web articles . secured earned media placement in local publications such as the advocate, the business report, and the healthcare journal. worked in collaboration with ad agency to implement annual marketing campaigns. coordinated campus-wide photo shoots. served as photographer for all campus events. assisted in preparing the departmental budget. initiated bid process for projects, prepared requisitions, and ensured vendor payment. coordinator for institutional advancement , 11 2004 to 02 2006 company name city , state worked as the coordinator for 3 individual departments public relations, institutional advancement, and external resources. created, distributed, and analyzed student media survey to determine best use of advertising expenditures. assisted with arranging special events on campus. conducted focus groups with students, faculty, and staff to access effectiveness of the public relations team. coordinated foundation board meetings data compilation, agenda preparation, parking arrangements, invitations catering, etc . wrote and edited press releases and public service announcements to promote campus events. served on various campus committees annual fundraising event, commencement, student recognition, etc. . wrote and edited stories for the daily e-news, an electronic newsletter distributed to faculty and staff daily. served as backup-photographer for various campus events. marketing analyst , 09 2003 to 11 2004 company name city , state developed and managed company s first formal employee communications system to distribute company news and critical information. wrote newsletter marketing copy and presentation materials for special projects. edited and distributed press releases and pitches to local and national media outlets. created tracking system for marketing analyzed collected information and delivered a monthly presentation regarding the results. represented the company and at various community events. designed all printed material brochures, pamphlets, newsletters, etc. . assisted with the design of the company website, logo, and tagline. maintained and updated company s mailing list. designed media surveys for internal and external audiences. assisted with the coordination of all company functions and events luncheons, seminars, annual fundraiser, etc. producer associate producer , 10 2000 to 02 2004 company name city , state booked and scheduled hundreds of guests including legislatures, business and industry ceo s, non-profit organizations, etc. managed a production staff of 6. wrote and edited show content, approved all copy, and handled breaking news stories. rapidly promoted from weekend associate producer to weekend producer. determined newsworthy items and coverage. assigned tasks to morning reporters. education master of arts mass communication , may 2003 southern university city , state public relations bachelor of arts mass communication , december 2001 southern university city , state broadcast journalism professional affiliations public relations society of america- 2009 to present public relations association of louisiana- 2009 to present national council for marketing and public relations - 2006 to present national association of black journalists- 2014 to present awards outstanding professional staff award, address aff achievement award, address word, excel, publisher, powerpoint constant contact email marketing tool ou campus web content management meltwater news media tracking and distribution tveyes broadcast monitoring community service capital area reentry coalition email marketing, press releases, media relations, 2015 media 101 workshop for non-profits served as a panelist, april 2016 community grant writing workshop conducted media workshop, 2016