general manager professional summary manager with seven years of experience coordinating office management and special projects with a high degree of efficiency. serve as point person for directors, staff, clients, and vendors to ensure proper lines of communication. maintain excellent communication skills, problem resolution abilities, and a high-level of confidentiality. excellent customer service, accounting & basic book-keeping, processing payroll, client relations experience. analytical & detail oriented with a proven record for producing quality work in strict timelines. exercise independent judgment , decision making abilities, and a high level of confidentiality. manage a diversity of routine functions in a hospitality environment. skills work history general manager , 11/2009 to current company name – city , state -responsibilities: reviewing correspondence & writing responses; assisting the director of the institute; manage and plan special events and conferences; train & supervise other staff; oversee the purchases & maintain office supplies & equipments; schedule appointments; assisting in the recruitment process, taking care of marketing the institute so that we get good no. of admissions every year. maintaining appropriate records of student's progress and development ; making the schedules for the staff members; checking the log- books of the teachers from time to time and giving appropriate feedbacks. responding to walk-in inquiries and inquiries over the phone. coordinated projects and events exercising ability to improvise, improve procedures, and meet demanding deadlines. liaison between all impacted departments to ensure proper communications and reporting practices. plan and coordinate corporate luncheons, and develop presentations for related on-site and off-site meetings. organize the details of special events, travel arrangements, corporate agendas and itineraries. oversaw daily office operations for staff of [number] employees. an administrative assistant & public relations officer , 11/2003 to 08/2009 company name – state teaching : to teach the multi-lingual specialists english grammar and teach them techniques to avoid errors in writing english; marking work and giving appropriate feedbacks; researching new topic areas and maintaining up-to-date subject knowledge. editing : proofread every file for english grammar, sentence structure, punctuation and general content before the files are uploaded and sent to usa head office. continuing education: conduct seminar classroom education; conduct exercises in grammar, punctuation and sentence structure. feature american cultural notes. provided administrative assistant to the general manager. organize the details of special events, travel arrangements, corporate agendas and itineraries. achievement : was promoted to their sister concern company as the center-manager, aakash institute, guwahati by the directors after a year's time due to my hard-work and dedication. maintaining records and organizing files. responding to reviews & correspondence. drafting and correspondence. preparing presentation in power-point. assisting the managing directors. basic accounts and administration. plan meeting and events. make travel arrangements for the director. responding to multi-line phone systems & directing them to appropriate departments. company name center-manager , 10/2003 to 09/2008 company name – city , state oversaw daily office operations for employees. composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers. oversaw inventory and office supply purchases. created company's first employee manual including training and development. liaised with vendors to order and maintain inventory of office supplies. planned and executed all aspects of office headquarter move. managed executive calendar and coordinated weekly project team meetings. prepared program operating budgets, budget reports and other financial performance reports. education bachelors degree : law , 1 2000 masters in english literature from gauhati university - law skills accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, administrative assistant, administrative support, photoshop, basic, billing, conferences, content, directing, drafting, editing, english, special events, filing, general manager, hindi, inventory, languages, letters, notes, director, managing, marketing, meetings, excel, office, outlook express, powerpoint, power-point, microsoft word, works, internet research, organizing, payroll, phone systems, presentations, progress, recruitment, reporting, researching, teaching, phone, travel arrangements