public relations executive professional summary a highly skilled public relations, communications and special events executive with 15 years of public relations, business development and operations experience. she has strong strategic thinking and planning skills able to achieve goals with high efficiency and within tight parameters. outstanding interpersonal management skills establishes rapport and credibility quickly. ms. alexander has excellent team and project leadership qualities. highly articulate with written and spoken word, quick thinking, and possesses sound judgment. ms. alexander maximizes her business effectiveness and is experienced with managing and working with databases and software including excel, power point, outlook and cision. skills media relations strategic management event planning print media expertise strategic thinking excellent planning skills outstanding interpersonal management skills work history public relations executive 08 2002 to current company name city , state sign new business, write pr proposals, broker talent deals, maintained client relationships, supervised music red carpet events, provided crisis pr managed staff. responsibilities also include creating, implementing and executing creative press campaigns special events for recording artists, professional athletes, television and film personalities as well as music, lifestyle and entertainment companies along with vip celebrity event management. delegate tasks and oversees staff which includes associate publicists, managers, coordinators executive assistants to enhance their publicity skills and involvement in local publicity efforts along with promoting appropriate performances. works directly with clients, creating and implementing targeted marketing plans and pitching clients for media coverage. pitch all major market media, building relationships to increase client s visibility in the marketplace and create new business opportunities. relationships with key players in the celebrity market - talent, publicists, agents, managers, stylists and editors. create accurate budget estimates for client s long term and short term campaigns. strong understanding of social media and social media trends. prepare bi-monthly status reports of media activities which included press clippings and press analyzes of media coverage. create campaigns for special events, award shows, showcases or other event-related press. pitched and secured media coverage in local, national, international media outlets for television and film productions. assess new business leads, and participate in pitch development and or presentation. senior director 08 2000 to 08 2002 company name city , state         responsible for creating and implementing press campaigns for all high profile artists create and implement full national campaign for these artists k-ci jojo, jodeci, chante moore, jesse powell, keke wyatt, jaguar wright, archie, magic johnson music, nicci gilbert brownstone and steve harvey as well as coordinating music press for films two can play that game and brown sugar.         garnered unprecedented media resulting in numerous placements on talk shows, business programs, cable, national print, social media, women and men magazines as well as trade publications, sports, fashion magazines, among others.         developing long and short-term online, print and on-air media strategies in alignment with corporate artists objectives.         structuring long term pr plans and program recommendations for artists.         supervised secure national and local television coverage, along with coverage industry trade, music and consumer magazines.         set-up artist releases video shoots, epks, press kits, etc.         responsible for writing all press materials such as press releases, biographies, media alerts, bullet points for artist interviews, etc.         responsible for every aspect of coordinating photo shoots with talent for all series including working with other departments to hire photographers, scouting locations, planning budgets, etc.         coverage on all red carpet and special events. senior account executive 09 1993 to 08 2000 company name city , state         successfully designed, created and implemented pr projects, special events and publicity campaigns for recording artists, producers, record labels and entertainment companies.         implemented pr strategies that grew client business and increase rogers cowan s entertainment music special events department billings by 30 .         lead strategy sessions on new and existing accounts and develop strategy for implementing successful client press campaigns.         supervise account work performed by account executives and associate account executives.         accountable for quality control for final review of all press releases, media alerts and other pr related correspondences.         managing event publicity, updating media contact lists and databases brainstorming pr marketing strategies and overseeing tour press.         maintain anddevelop relationships with key media, including writers, television bookers and online outlets work to secure national, regional, and tour press tv, print, and online         worked extensively with talent representatives, in-house publicists, agents and managers on celebrity-oriented initiatives.         coordinated media for major awards shows national academy of recording arts sciences the grammy, musicares person of the year tributes concerts, don cornelius productions soul train music awards, lady of soul awards and soul train christmas starfest arista s 25th anniversary celebration and the blockbuster awards among others.         managed events executed entertainment for chris tucker, kenny babyface edmonds, academy golden globes campaigns fox music group, boyz ii men, lionel richie, chante moore, deborah cox, tamia, tracie spencer, dave koz, the temptations, the bees gees, kurupt, shep crawford, songwriter producer and warner chappell music publishing as well as assisting with quincy jones, tupac shakur, r. kelly, outkast and jamie foxx accounts, among others. education bachelor of science business management university of phoenix - city , state business management associate arts - law los angeles city college - legal studies paralegal entertainment address nue 109 los angeles, ca 90034-4085 associate of arts law legal studies paralegal entertainment los angeles city college - city , state skills photo, artist, arts, avenue, billings, budgets, budget, bi, cable, ca, client, clients, databases, event management, special events, fashion, film, legal, magic, managing, marketing strategies, marketing plans, market, materials, media relations, works, paralegal, press kits, press, press releases, pr, producer, proposals, publications, publicity, quality control, recording, strategy, tv, television, video additional information play a vital role in event and awards show facilitation soul train music awards, mtv awards, grammy, naacp image awards, america music awards, and bet, etc. , including artist coverage on red carpets and artist bookings at ancillary activities. direct the production and approvals of press releases, videos, photography, press kits and other pr tools necessary to communicate image, product, and spokespeople clients have included nba all-star weekend los angeles 2011 dallas 2010 , bet awards, russell simmons phat farm fashions gifting suite , ascap music expo, pop music awards and film television music awards , tony rock actor comedian and roshanak filmswork.