vp, public relations account director professional summary dedicated and experienced communications and public relations vice president with a proven track record of success in the areas of food, retail, tourism, technology, science, biotechnology, healthcare, retail, non-profit and government. media relations expert with history of securing placements in top publications and outlets. highly regarded for leadership and execution of award winning public relations and integrated marketing campaigns. skills work history vp, public relations account director 09 2006 to current company name city , state strategize, direct, manage and oversee day-to-day and long-term communications and public relations activities for high profile accounts such as ocean city, md., department of tourism, old bay, mccormick company, marble slab creamery, great american cookies, pretzelmaker, hot dog on a stick, the maryland stem cell research commission, the maryland technology development corporation, nobel learning communities, inc., and the center for eating disorders at sheppard pratt. create, execute, and manage local, regional and national integrated marketing, media relations, public relations and branding campaigns that meet specific communications goals. demonstrate expertise in the areas of written communications, editing, media documents and press kits, feature and speech writing, message points, newsletters, interview coordination, internal and external communications plans, crisis communications and response, website copy and maintenance, marketing collateral pieces, and social media posts. serve as spokesperson and on-call crisis management and response and strategy expert. secure placements in consumer and trade media outlets. tops hits include the front page of usa today, the today show, studio b with sheppard smith, fox friends, newsweek, and huffington post. pitch, organize and schedule media tours with client spokespeople. advise and streamline internal communications processes and procedures for clients and offer council for communications best practices. work with mgh s internal research team to conduct and evaluate quantitative and qualitative research in regard to brand awareness, consumer preferences and behaviors. lead and manage staff to ensure accuracy in writing, consistent account messaging, and client and media interaction. recruit, hire and mentor department new hires and oversee the mgh intern program. play a key role in mgh s new business process including responding to rfps, meeting with potential clients and presenting ideas and concepts for new business wins. display department and account leadership and success through swift rise in mgh management structure. promoted from account coordinator, to account executive, to account manager, to account director to current position vice president, public relations account director in eight years. public relations and marketing coordinator 01 2006 to 08 2006 company name city , state wrote and drafted press releases, media alerts, pitch letters and articles for marketing edge clients. coordinated correspondence regarding press releases including the scheduling of interviews and appearances. created advertising taglines, copy, image selection and ad layout for marketing edge clients. charged with the task of handling publicity and marketing efforts for books written by marketing edge clients. included frequent correspondence and contact with the media and major corporations. drafted proposals for potential marketing edge clients in regard to public relations and marketing strategies. intern 07 2005 company name city , state worked with the governor s speech writer developing and writing speaking and briefing points for the governor s public appearances including important announcements regarding the state of maryland and press events. researched in great detail information and details regarding many of the governors speaking engagements to ensure accuracy and precision in each speech. developed a keen sense of the governors writing and language techniques and the ability to reproduce those styles in speeches. charged with the sole responsibility of creating and organizing a speech archive for the governor s personal use that followed the span of his political career during terms in the house of delegates, united states congress and as governor of maryland. intern 07 2004 company name city , state researched and provided support on legislative topics that were of interest to the governor. wrote policy briefings for the governor s staff on various legislative topics. constructed informational binders for the governor and his policy staff on issues facing the state of maryland. included in-depth research, interviews and preparation of materials. attended weekly meetings and briefing events with the governor. intern 10 2000 to 07 2001 company name city , state assisted with case work regarding constituent problems, requests and concerns. drafted a speech that the congressman read in front of the house of representatives. worked on the congressman s campaign for re-election to congress in 2000. assisted with paper work and applications for the congressional nominations to the national service academies. performed various clerical duties such as filing, answering phones, prepared correspondence dealing with constituent inquires. education master of arts strategic communication december 2006 villanova university - city , state master of arts villanova university - city , state masters of arts strategic communication 12 2006 - strategic communication graduate certificates graduate certificate in public relations and journalism 5 2006 - bachelors of arts political science 5 2005 cum laude gettysburg college - city , state political science skills streamline, ad, advertising, branding, business process, clerical, cms, council, crisis management, crisis communications, client, clients, edge, editing, filing, front page, functional, hot dog, image, journalism, layout, leadership, letters, mac, director, marketing strategies, marketing, marketing collateral, materials, media relations, meetings, mentor, messaging, excel, microsoft outlook, power point, 2000, microsoft word, newsletters, operating systems, organizing, presenting, press kits, press, press releases, processes, proposals, public relations, speaking, publicity, qualitative research, read, research, scheduling, speeches, speech writing, speech, strategy, swift, answering phones, tops, website, written communications, written, writer, articles additional information leadership volunteer work advisory board member of business volunteer unlimited s give program - public relations co- chair 2010 graduate of business volunteer unlimited s give getting involved in volunteer experiences program past board member and regular volunteer at the baltimore humane society - manager of volunteer partnership program with mgh baltimore child abuse center bcac - pro bono public relations support volunteer at the seed school of maryland active member of the gettysburg college alumni association - baltimore chapter standout awards public relations society of america, maryland best in show winner, old bay baltimore bill the weather predicting crab media stunt 2013 the maryland daily record 20 in their twenties winner, named one of the leading young business professionals in maryland business and one to watch 2011 public relations society of america bronze anvil, ocean city, md., department of tourism press kit 2008 state of maryland governor s citation, awarded for positive contributions to state government and community 2004 congressional award of recognition, awarded for leadership within the community 2001