marketing public relations manager summary decisive marketing manager  who drives company growth through creative and innovative marketing strategies. skilled at analyzing market trends and customer needs to develop highly-effective and targeted marketing campaigns. experienced restaurant manager who oversaw a high- volume, multi-million dollar restaurant. versed in planning daily operations, staffing and inventory management. highlights brand development operations management brand recognition optimization full service restaurant background knowledge of market trends hiring and training quality leadership ability to handle fast-paced environment experience marketing public relations manager april 2015 to current company name city , state roles responsibilities develop and execute integrated campaigns to drive awareness, press, traffic and revenue, including public relations initiatives, social media campaigns, promotions, partnerships, on and offpremise events, giveaways and sponsorships. drive creative brainstorms to generate bold, inventive ideas. collaborate with restaurant teams, as well as corporate culinary, operations and accounting, to activate initiatives, determining budget, timeline, staffing, training, and methodology for tracking and evaluation. oversee multi channel messaging and communications with current and prospective guests through email marketing, website, social media, public relations, in store signage, printed collateral and loyalty program. direct and help manage various regional public relations agencies, overseeing strategy, media outreach and reporting. manage press inquiries, including facilitating in person, phone and email interviews materials requests media training of chefs, sommeliers, managers and executives paid and unpaid filming opportunities and celebrity chef appearances. supervise the creation of all regional public relations and marketing materials while maintaining consistent brand standards. represent the one group and its brands at industry events and in the cultivation of local and regional relationships with restaurant, hotel, promotional, event, charity, agency and vendor partners. develop and manage marketing budget, effective tracking and of costs and spending, executing promotional activities and programs within agreed upon budget. prepare, participate and lead marketing portion of p ls monthly. monitor, review and report on all department activity and results. manage up to three venues and its associated deliverables. qualifications marketing or public relations related degree or equivalent professional qualification, followed by minimum of 5 years industry experience. experience in all aspects of developing and implementing marketing, advertising, public relations, digital and promotional programs to meet brand objectives. experience managing a team and or multiple venues departments. positive self starter with a strong sense of accountability and commitment to excellence. assistant general manager april 2012 to april 2015 company name city , state day-to-day management manage, lead and mentor floor managers and staff ensure service is maintained at the utmost of quality levels develop risk management and mitigation strategies represent the one group in investigating, answering settling grievances in absence of general manager or director of food beverage maintain all corporate mandates update and track daily reports staffing and team development analyze staffing requirements, develop iteration plans, and assess opportunities for future growth interview, screen, and recruit job applicants coach and train management staff responsible for team performance morale, productivity, energy fiscal responsibility monitor activities and expenses assist in setting and monitoring sales forecasts and profitability reports keep general manger informed of sales and key issues increasing sales through marketing, networking and incentives for staff to raise guest check average. assists in maintaining budgeted revenues, cost of sales cos , labor, supplies operating cash flow ocf reviews monthly profit and loss statement if assigned and acts on all variances education bachelor of science marketing and business , 2011 marymount manhattan college city , state , usa