marketing coordinator professional profile results-oriented marketing proffesional who drives company growth through creative and innovative marketing strategies. qualifications excellent communication skills tactical planning goal-oriented marketing and sales specialist business negotiation retail marketing inspiring team leader organized and efficient bilingual in english - spanish advanced computer proficiency both pc and mac financial reporting customer relationship management crm effective team player creative experience marketing coordinator jul 2012 to apr 2016 company name city , state taco palenque 18 locations 10 cities laredo, cotulla, san antonio, new braunfels, houston, mission, edinburg, mcallen, weslaco and brownsville. palenque grill 5 locations 3 cities laredo, mcallen and san antonio. pollo palenque 5 locations 2 cities laredo and mcallen. managed, developed and improved the schools food courts projetc for taco palenque branch. image change for taco palenque s branch fleet. customer relations management. creative producer of concepts and scripst for tv and radio advertising for all branches taco palenque, pollo palenque, palenque grill and tensai sushi. conceptual image creative for al branches. web content and design development for taco palenque, palenque grill and pollo palenque. new product launching campaigns creative. consumer trends analysis. succesfully exceeded sales and transactions goals in different lto s through marketing campaigns with taco palenque. improved same store sales by increasing ticket avg and transactions through strategic marketing programs. lead aditional sales by reaching new and specific target markets. coordination of campaigns, special events and pricing with franchisees. financial analysis, reporting and tracking of all promos and special sales for taco palenque branch. taco palenque s and palenque grill s menu analysis and engineering for redisigning. drive-thru impovement project initiative and development. store opening event coordination. official voice-over talent for taco palenque and palenque grill. marketing campaign manager oct 2010 to dec 2010 company name city , state created, organized and executed un dia de tu salario regional marketing campaign 4 cities , implementing creative adds, public speechs, media management and working in conjunction with other organizations, reaching and exceeding the collect amount goal. public relations coordinator mar 2010 to jun 2010 company name city , state sales team leader. team of five client relations supervisor. customer database management. public relations advisor jan 2010 to mar 2010 company name city , state customer service associate. client relations. client database management. direct sales. logistics coordinator sep 2008 to oct 2009 company name city , state organization and development of the first international rally promoting gender equality, where the youth of both laredos participated. coordination of all the events and projects of the institute. digital engagement supervisor. auditor apr 2006 to jun 2006 company name city , state in charge of the entire hotel opperation during the night shift. reconciling all hotel cashier transactions. reviewing, organizing and compiling management reports on a timely basis. ensuring the accuracy of guest billings. communicating concerns and or related issues to all levels of management and performing guest service agent duties as required, including check- in, check-out, switchboard operation and reservations. front desk sep 2005 to apr 2006 company name city , state check-ins and check-outs of walk-ins. making online and call reservations for customers. dealing with all the customer related needs and issues. maintain guest history files on all guests. issue safe deposit boxes to guests and ensure security of key. resolve discrepancies on the room status report with housekeeping. maintain complete knowledge at all times of all hotel features services, hours of operation, room types, numbers, layout, decor, appointments and locations, room rates, special packages and promotions. owner jan 2005 to jan 2012 company name city , state buy-sell cars, trucks, motorcycles, heavy machinery, among others, i have my dealer credential, with which i have access to most u.s. auctions, we buy  in different places as in the states of georgia, florida, oklahoma, among others, in addition to this we provide import-export services and shipping of both goods and vehicles. education bba , marketing and advertising 2010 centro de estudios superiores royal city , state , mexico graduated first in class of 2006-2010 for academic achievement. president of the alumni society. period 2008-2009. student government representative.  period 2008-2010. founder and secretary of the royal college lions club. period 2008-2010.        high school diploma 2005 instituto anglo espa ol de nuevo laredo city , state , mexico personal information place of birth tampico tamaulipas date of birth frebruary 6th, 1988 present resident in nuevo laredo tamaulipas, mexico. sex male status single hobbies outdoor sports, running, hunting and fishing. interests marketing business development advertising sales management public relations corporate negociations administration training information management . the best service . both awarded by hotel hilton garden inn nuevo laredo how to talk and express properly in public presented by centro educativo y de expresion oral ceeo skills microsoft office programs proficiency. tableau marketing software. basic knowledge of photoshop. public speaker. voice-over talent. additional information participation in the forum youth proposal proposal creation of the municipal institute of culture winner organized by fundaci n colosio ac nuevo laredo logistics support hug ceremony. organized by washington s birthday celebration association wbca logistics support in the anheuser bush parade. organized by washington s birthday celebration association wbca logistics coordination mexican night a presentation of mr. mrs. international. organized by lulac council 12. binational affairs logistics support for the regional municipality. assistant director mr. gerardo lozano rend n logistics support to the regional municipality. organization presidential logistics