floral designer summary i have been involved in the retail industry for over 44 years. in those years i have been employed as a sales associate or as a floral designer. i have also been in those years a assistant manager, a manager, and a retail store owner with complete skills in day to day operations, problem solving, training, employee motivations, encouragement, merchandising, ordering product, and in every aspect of human resources that i was responsible to know and implement in the retail establishment i was employed by at that time if my service to them, highlights effective retail sales manager store operations exceptional leader team-oriented excellent communication skills team leadership compelling leadership skills employee training resolution-oriented exceptional multi-tasker organization accomplishments i have been rewarded for my continue effort to always going above and beyond what was expected to do from my employers. experience 08 2015 to 06 2016 floral designer company name city , state i was employed as a floral designer and to eventually manage their floral shop. 06 2015 to 06 2016 designer company name city , state i am the main floral designer for the shop. my designs have been place in the shops currant brochures and in several magazines that they advertise in. i have been rewarded several times for going beyond the companies expectations of my willingness to do what it takes to complete the day to day designing that has to be done for out customers, 06 2014 to 06 2016 sales partner company name city , state i have been a sales partner at brighton collectables for almost two years now. i explain about our product, our owners and share the brighton story to everyone that comes into our store that i personally meet and greet. i offer them great customer service and i do everything that i can to meet  the customers needs for their time in out store. i also display and merchandise our inventory, clean and straighten the store so it always looks nice for our customers, i attend our store meetings and the trainings at our store and its events too. 05 2008 to 05 2014 owner manager desiner company name city , state i was responsible as the owner manager for all the shop and it day to day operations. i also did all the h r work, banking, cleaning and merchandising of the shops inventory. i decorated all our windows for every floral season. my shop won several window display awards for best window displays in weatherford, texas.