consultant career overview more than 6 years of experience in manufacturing distributions environments, including 4 years in oracle manufacturing and distributions applications. implemented 5 full cycle oracle implementation projects, experienced in customizing, developing and configuring oracle applications in the modules of supply chain and manufacturing. implemented oracle edi for the sales order entry and warehouse operations for the customer and designed custom interfaces for plm tools to communicate with oracle item master. experience in requirements gathering, gap analysis, business process redesign and mapping, testing and user training, documentation of activities, processes, test scripts and client interaction. sound communication skills, result oriented, open to learning new technologies, experience in working under pressure and in fast pace as a team leader and as a team player. well - traveled and posses a clear and definitive understanding of the regional business ethics, culture and decorum so as to maintain a harmonious balance. skills applications r12 and 11i modules inventory inv , bill of materials bom , work in process wip , engineering eng , order management om , purchasing po , oracle edi gateway, shipping execution, system administration, material requirement planning mrp , iprocurement, quality qa , approval management ame , oracle endeca. tools language toad, data load, visio, sql, sql developer, ms office suite. work experience consultant , 02 2016 current company name city , state worked on solution design and setup of inventory, work in process, qa, purchasing order management as per the client requirements and suggested business process changes. implemented oracle edi for sales order entry, booking and acknowledgment for customer orders received through third party systems. implemented oracle e-signatures and e-records to maintain quality data books of every manufactured assembly, reducing gaps and saving costs. designed, documented and executed all scm modules for 3 implementations in north american region. resolved functional issues related to oracle manufacturing and distribution during implementation. prepared training documents and assisted in user training in wip, om po modules. worked on data conversion strategy from legacy systems to oracle e-business suite r12. consultant , 08 2013 01 2016 company name city , state implemented oracle supply chain modules for a major oil gas manufacturing company in australia, canada, china, romania and uk as part of their global roll out to oracle. simplified their overhaul and repair process by implementing a custom solution that reduces user s time on the system as well as resulting a more organized shop floor. implemented oracle edi for sales order pick release and shipping transactions based on information received from third party systems in warehouse. worked on data conversion issues from legacy systems to oracle. developed custom reports for customer facing documents as well as internal documentation. enhanced a custom interface between a plm tool epims and oracle. documented setups, customizations and training manuals. trained users in different regions of the world on all supply chain modules and cmro. implemented oracle endeca and worked on client demos for various customers. developed best business process blueprint that suits the client s multi industry business by studying their business process in each vertical. student partner , 08 2010 07 2013 company name city , state brought awareness on latest microsoft s technologies to more than 5000 students and faculty. increased the number of developers on microsoft store by collaborating with various universities and developer groups. designed lazy chef- a windows store app during the launch of windows 8. pitched a windows app idea that got me to meet and present it to steve balmer, ceo of microsoft then. manager , 03 2011 08 2013 company name city , state built the startup from the scratch to making a revenue of 2 million rupees an year. trained more than address reams of robotics, embedded systems and application development. worked with orient blackswan in making a textbook for students of various universities on presentation skills. accomplishments leadership served as manager for a robotics startup, training more than 10000 participants. represented india as a youth ambassador at seoul, south korea. operational management implemented one of a kind e-signature process for quality documentation in large scale manufacturing, reducing costs and gaps in process. generating mm business impact. transitioned a large group of developers and consumers to microsoft s products and platform as a microsoft student partner for 3 years. education and training 2013 andhra university college of engineering city , state , india bachelor of technology instrumentation engineering 3.4 gpa started national service scheme and was an active member. personal information place of birth vijayanagaram, india date of birth 14th of may, 1992 present residence houston, texas sex male status single hobbies international travel, hiking, mountaineering. languages english, telugu and hindi