it consultant professional summary talented it professional specializing in leading high-performing and multi-disciplinary teams from product development through successful product launches. accustomed to managing multiple projects and priorities in fast-paced environments. skills adobe photoshop database design adobe illustrator excellent problem-solving abilities mailchimp windows and linux powerpoint presentations website and portal monitoring web content network maintenance html and css data backup and retrieval adobe indesign product templates superior verbal and written communication skills brand development ap, mla and chicago manuals of style php natural leader excellent communication skills self-starter seo coding and strategy desktop and laptop repair website maintenance patient work history it consultant , 01 2001 to current company name city , state it, management, and marketing consultant providing business solutions, training, and motivation along with design and production for print and web certified with sage software and intuit. designed, and customized databases and created software integration solutions. developed web and ecommerce sites. designed and implemented motivation and training programs and workflow solutions provided training for ibm, continental airlines, american airlines, exxon provided troubleshooting and help desk support developed search engine marketing and keyword strategy for ecommerce and lead generating websites performed website analysis including performance metrics. established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration. developed and implemented complex internet and intranet applications on multiple platforms. coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements. ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades. streamlined and enhanced the corporate accounting and operations system. designed strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects. managed creative projects from concept to completion while managing outside vendors. advocated for end-users to perform testing and problem analysis for server, desktop and it infrastructure work. designed and implemented new server standards for core business services. lead instructor , 01 1994 to 01 2001 company name city , state start-up software training firm attained top-ten ranking in the dallas business journal business servicing fortune 500 and smaller clients. developed marketing strategy, training, and certification curricula. taught technical modules on programming, project management, graphics, and databases. organized and managed microsoft office user specialist training for at t alliance developed and managed a consulting practice as a strategic company initiative cto lead in strategic and operational planning to achieve business goals achieved and exceeded revenue goals in a changing technology environment developed and maintained appropriate it organizational structure to support business identified opportunities for appropriate cost-effective investment of resources including staffing, purchasing , in-house development establish department goals, objectives, and operating procedures taught full curriculum offerings and trained and managed team of instructors developed training program for at t project lead on development projects provided consultation, help desk, and troubleshooting developed training and recruiting for instructors produced career oriented lectures and presentations photographer designer portrait - commercial photography and video for print, web, and broadcast took on a losing business and dominated market in under three years offered full services including aerial, industrial, and color lab built a market for commercial photography where none existed photoshop expert engineer analyzed and designed plant workflow to meet company quality and revenue needs time motion studies to assess mechanics and efficiencies of each operation calculated piece rate against revenue projections illustrated manufacturing specification catalog trained employees on each operation. and management consultantinstructor and consultant , 09 1992 to 01 1994 company name city , state with a proven track record of problem solving, training, and business services for small to fortune 500 corporations. results oriented used role playing, simulations, team exercises, group discussions, videos and lectures to instruct participants in a variety of ways. assessed training needs through surveys, interviews with employees, focus groups and consultation with managers. created an online training program to be used during video training conferences. selected and assigned instructors to conduct training seminars. clearly communicated objectives for all lessons, units and projects to all participants. addressed all questions from training program participants. worked with an average of number participants per class. taught weekly internal software classes to more than number new users. assumed ownership of all training program initiatives. education bachelor of science information technology , current south university online - city , state information technology outstanding achievement award affiliations member national society of collegiate scholars member dallas society of visual communication american society of magazine photographers international webmaster s association microsoft partner global websphere community skills asp.net, .net, act , adobe, acrobat, photoshop, apache, apple, asp, broadcast, business solutions, catalog, color, consultant, consultation, consulting, credit, crystal reports, css, clients, databases, document management, ecommerce, engineer, focus, graphics, help desk support, help desk, ibm, ibm websphere, indesign, javascript, languages, team builder, linux, marketing strategy, marketing, market, c , microsoft office user specialist, microsoft office xp, ms project, windows 8, windows, windows 9.x, mysql, os 5, organizational, photography, photographer, php, presentations, problem solving, programming, project lead, project management, purchasing, quality, quarkxpress, quickbooks, recruiting, sage, software training, specification, ms sql server, staffing, strategy, strategic, structured, training programs, troubleshooting, vba, vbscript, video, visio, ms visual basic, ms visual c , ms visual studio, website, websites, web marketing, workflow