consultant professional summary over 15 years of experience in the non-profit social services sector. specific target populations underserved native american, latino, youth, adults and families. passionate about helping others become empowered and self-sufficient through community resources and wrap-around services. extensive work in the following areas operational management, case management, grant writing, program development management, fundraising, community outreach and direct client services. skills microsoft word, power-point, excel office project evaluation media relations employee and volunteer training grant certification project coordination work history consultant assist individuals with esl english as a second language tutoring and preparation for citizenship exam. provide event coordination for golden boy promotions gbp , marketing and outreach in the community and serve as personal assistant for vp of digital marketing mr. scott tetreault e scott@goldenboypromotions . lead employment specialist company name - city , state 02 2015 - 03 2016 develop and maintain relationships with community referral sources, such as department of rehabilitation dor , work source centers, america s job exchange and others. maintain close contact with clients during job training and placements to resolve problems and evaluate placement adequacy. locate barriers to client employment, such as inaccessible work sites, inflexible schedules, and transportation problems, and work with clients to develop strategies for overcoming these barriers. participate in job development and placement programs, contacting prospective employers, placing clients in jobs, and evaluating the success of placements. collaborate with community agencies to establish facilities and programs for persons with disabilities. coordinate recruitment and placement of training program participants. provide intake, job placement and retention for clients with disabilities including veterans in the greater los angeles area. interim director program manager grant writer company name - city , state 06 2004 - 01 2015 assure aic and its mission to empower the albuquerque urban native american community and others through provisions of wrap- around services designed to promote wellness, education, self-sufficiency and tradition , programs and services are consistently presented in a strong positive imagery to relevant stakeholders and throughout the community. oversees fundraising, planning and implementation, including identifying resource requirements, researching funding sources, establishing strategies to approach funders, submitting proposals and administrating fundraising records and documentation. 1 oversee, monitor and apply for funding yearly with contracts awarded from the following nm indian affairs department, nm department of health, city of albuquerque, navajo nations and various foundations otten, kellogg, first nations, etc . plan, organize and implement yearly events for the community such as summer solstice, back to school, feed the children, halloween, thanksgiving, christmas and yearly job health fairs. evaluate the work of staff and volunteers to ensure that programs are of appropriate quality and that resources are used effectively. recruit, interview, and hire or sign up volunteers and staff. serve on community committees to promote healthy families and children to reduce poverty, unemployment, substance abuse and domestic violence. maintain and seek new relations with state senators, representatives and other state officials to promote information education on aic and the impact of services upon the urban native american community. current status in regards to grant funding obtained - approximately 300,000 in funding awarded by state, city, foundations and the navajo nations. languages bilingual in spanish education ma counseling webster university - june 2004 emphasis in mental health substance abuse dual diagnosis emphasis in school counseling elementary education participated in 2 clinical practicums for a total of 700 hours earned with supervision completed 48 hours of coursework bachelors of art psychology family studies the university of new mexico - city , state may 2001 obtained a double major in completed coursework for psychology family studies inducted into psi chi, the national honor society in psychology for scholastic achievements actively participated as a student intern family studies coursework requirements at two different nonprofit organizations dean s list spring fall 2003 - 2004 skills approach, behavioral health, chi, interpersonal communication, contracts, counseling, client, clients, department of health, documentation, english, event coordination, fundraising, marketing, media relations, mental health, excel, exchange, office, power-point, microsoft word, project coordination, proposals, psychology, public speaking, quality, recruitment, rehabilitation, researching, spanish, supervision, transportation, tutoring