aviation maintainer professional summary 6 years experience as a fast food cook assistant manager. 2 years experience as a customer service representative in a call center. 1 year and 3 months experience as a security guard. multi-tasking manager well-known for creating positive environments where employees can thrive and succeed. detailed and well-aware of direct competitors and their strategies. pursuing a new management role where hard work and dedication will be highly valued. results-oriented store manager focused on increasing profits, reducing costs, inventory management and transforming customer service standards. excellent communicator with 2 years in a demanding call center environment as a customer service representative. skills typing speed 50 words per minute quickbooks apple or macintosh computers ms outlook photoshop ms powerpoint ms excel ms word fork lift operation cherry picker , and stand up forklift . team leadership team liaison conflict resolution data management process implementation self-motivated risk management processes and analysis staff development timeline management customer relations deadline-oriented staff training development efficient multi-tasker customer service-oriented goal attainment relationship building coaching and mentoring customer service effective leader employee scheduling work history company name aviation maintainer city , state august 2017 - april 2018 bct certified. trained as a leader and a specialist in the field of aviation maintaining. leadings squads or groups of 10-20. time management. accountability of records, and protection. reduced overhead by taking on more responsibility with creative and administrative projects. monitored and screened visitors to verify accessibility to inter-office personnel. answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages. company name warehouse-selector city , state april 2016 - august address and-up and cherry picker operator. analyzed departmental documents for appropriate distribution and filing. achieved revenue or departmental objective by actions taken . picked up incoming stock and delivered materials to designated locations. picked products for specific routes according to pick sheets. estimated weights, heights and centers of balance to make precise placements. divided cargo received by account number and intended location. maintained accurate stock records and schedules. company name security guard city , state august 2015 - april 2016 foot patrol grounds access guard. control and protect personnel flow on grounds of residents and report hourly activity. patrol every hour on the hour or 15 to 30 minute increments. responded to calls in both routine and emergency situations. collected and organized all surveillance data and information to protect client possessions and workspaces. detected and apprehended any unauthorized personnel. directed guests around the building and answered questions regarding accessibility. monitored building access and identified all officials and employees before authorizing their entrance. prevented crimes by immediately reporting all unusual, unauthorized and illegal activity on the premises. delivered accurate verbal and written reports to company personnel. noted and followed up on any unusual behavior. company name door attendant city , state february 2015 - august 2015 accept all donations and assist with brining donations and assist with moving items for customers to and from vehicles. shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store s efficiency. asked open-ended questions to assess customer needs. answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions. built long-term customer relationships and advised customers on purchases and promotions. welcomed customers into the store and helped them locate items. determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses. recommended alternative items if product was out of stock. greeted customers in a timely fashion, while quickly determining their needs. cleaned and organized the store, including the checkout desk and displays. company name security guard city , state march 2014 - february 2015 corporate access control guard. control all access with in the area required. utilize all software for security via ge security systems camera system , otis elevator monitoring and control system . report daily logs and incident reports. patrol three times on every shift and check for all issues that may occur. responded quickly and effectively to all security violations and duress alarms. investigated all security and safety violations. responded to calls in both routine and emergency situations. enforced general services administration gsa policies by anticipating potential security breaches. maintained accurate and detailed logs of all events that occurred during each shift. unlocked rooms and suites for authorized contractors. monitored building access and identified all officials and employees before authorizing their entrance. prevented crimes by immediately reporting all unusual, unauthorized and illegal activity on the premises. company name customer service representative city , state april 2011 - march 2013 interacted with customers to provide information in response to inquiries about products and services and to handle and resolve complaints. took inbound calls for comcast. updated customers information in the database. helped drive sales goals and achieve monthly quotas. created and maintained an organized database to develop promotional sales. directed calls to appropriate individuals and departments. politely assisted customers in person and via telephone. recommended, selected and helped locate and obtain out-of-stock product based on customer requests. provided an elevated customer experience to generate a loyal client le. asked open-ended questions to assess customer needs. ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot. learned, referenced and applied product knowledge information. developed reputation as an efficient service provider with high levels of accuracy. recommended alternative items if product was out of stock. served as the main liaison between customers, management and sales team. built long-term customer relationships and advised customers on purchases and promotions. company name computer technician city , state january 2010 - june 2010 built and repaired computers consisting of internal and external repairs. repaired printers if needed. rebuilt shareware for computers to damage to be used and refurbishing hardware for computers unreliable. provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff. implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access. collaborated with clients from concept through final delivery of product or service. designed sharepoint masterpage and page layouts, serving as company s main sharepoint support for all technical complications. proposed technical feasibility solutions for new functional designs and suggested options for performance improvement of technical objects. monitored network performance and provided network performance statistical reports for both real-time and historical measurements. company name shift manager city , state may 2004 - june 2009 managed the shift of ten to twenty-five staff. opened and closed the restaurant. cooked, served customers, cleaned the restaurant and stocked needed supplies. completed schedules and reviewed the staff. adhered to company standards and compliance requirements for operations and cleanliness of all areas. managed schedules, accepted time off requests and found coverage when shifts were short. tracked receipts, employee hours and inventory movements. trained and mentored new employees to maximize team performance. kept employees operating productively and working on task to meet business and customer needs. completed all point of sale opening and closing procedures, including counting the contents of the cash register. described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise. shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store s efficiency. assisted customers with food selection, inquiries and order customization requests. resolved all customer complaints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction. recommended, selected and helped locate and obtain out-of-stock product based on customer requests. supervised and directed all merchandise and shipment processing. actively pursued personal learning and development opportunities. alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions. conducted weekly walk-throughs with the manager to discuss interior visual displays, including store window presentation. built long-term customer relationships and advised customers on purchases and promotions. processed cash and credit payments rapidly and accurately. participated in physical inventory counts every opening and closing of the store. personal information driver s license class c - standard driver s license education high school diploma west orange stark city , state 2007 ged west orange-stark high school city , state 2007 skills photoshop, apple, cherry picker, hardware, database, forklift, fork lift, macintosh computers, access, ms excel, ms outlook, ms powerpoint, ms word, personnel, camera, printers, quickbooks, repairs, time management, typing speed additional information driver s license class c - standard driver s license