customer service representative career focus dedicated and skilled cash administrator who excels at prioritizing, and completing multiple tasks simultaneously. committed to delivering high quality results within a timely manner, with little to no supervision. energetic, organized, and professional. summary of skills excellent analytical skills microsoft office, excel, and powerpoint proficiency cooperative team member quick learner computer proficient outstanding interpersonal skills extremely organized issue resolution energetic and organized attention to detail education and coursework associate of applied science paralegal 2016 central piedmont community college city , state member of national honor society on paralegal lambda epsilon chi 3.56 gpa experience customer service data organization policy development reporting technology proficient document organization multitasking inventory management managed cash inventory and office budgeting for supplies for lowe s home improvment. demonstrated proficiencies in telephone, e-mail, fax and front-desk reception within high-volume environment. developed and created effective filing system to accelerate paperwork processing. developed a strong knowledge of hardware and software while keeping abreast of new applications that increased efficiency and productivity for management and customers. maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for customer projects. improved office organization by compiling daily budget reports, organizational charts and company data reports using advanced veribalance functions. handled customers effectively by identifying needs, quickly gaining trust, approaching complex situations and resolving problems to maximize efficiency. work history cash office administration 01 2016 to 08 2016 company name city , state aviation electrician 08 2010 to 08 2014 company name city , state cashier 09 2009 to 04 2010 company name city , state delicatessen 08 2006 to 04 2010 company name city , state extra-curricular activities lambda epsilon chi, may 2016 - current experience customer service representative 05 2015 to current company name city , state worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning. expressed appreciation and invited customers to return to the store. up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues. recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear, understandable manner. aviation electrician 08 2010 to 08 2014 company name city , state perform scheduled and unscheduled maintenance on 10 f a-18c aircraft electrical systems and related equipment. promoted to work center training petty officer april 2012. maintain training records for over 19 personnel. dedication was key in achieving all available qualifications, leading to the selection of plane captain of the quarter. consistently volunteer to assist in aircraft maintenance regardless of the difficulty. produce quality work with minimal supervision. quickly established as a hard charger with the desire to be a productive member of the work center. may 2011 qualified on two pieces of ground support equipment and two personal qualifications increasing work center readiness. capable of success regardless of assignment complexity, gained greater responsibility with confidence and motivation. displays a keen sense of duty in the acceptance of all assigned responsibilities. work well under pressure producing optimal results. approach every assignment thoughtfully and with enthusiasm. sales associate 03 2009 to 04 2010 company name city , state assessed customer needs and responded to questions. cleaned and straightened work area. issued receipts for purchases and gifts. organized register supplies. unboxed new merchandise. rotated stock to maintain freshness. operated cash register with proficiency. provided professional and courteous service at all times. worked overtime shifts during busy periods. sales associate 09 2007 to 04 2010 company name city , state greeted all customers. delegated tasks to team members to optimize productivity. handled products and equipment in accordance with safety and sanitation guidelines. fulfilled special order requests, including special occasion dinners and party platters. safely used knives, scales, wrappers, compactors, garbage disposals, pallet jack and hand trucks. organized and positioned product cases in produce warehouse and walk-in cooler. served shoppers in a prompt, courteous and friendly manner. personal information self-motivated, goal-oriented professional with a progressive track record, dedicated to surpassing mission objectives, visions, and goals. united states navy aviation electrician. skills attention to detail, interpersonal skills excel, microsoft office, powerpoint quick learner