passenger services officer professional summary a hard working and self-motivated australian professional willing to learn and develop new skills. i am a dedicated, organised and methodical individual. i have good interpersonal skills, am an excellent team worker with an active and dynamic approach to work. i am flexible, reliable and possess excellent time keeping skills. as an aspiring business professional, i am looking to utilize my current analytical skills and knowledge as well as further develop these skills in a practical and fast-paced environment. skills customer service specialist friendly expert problem solver calm under pressure cpr certification federal aviation administration faa regulations multi-line phones cabin technologies passion for travel calm under pressure work history passenger services officer 11 2013 to 07 2014 company name city system and product training complete systems training amadeus altea customer management system complete product training singapore airlines passenger baggage handling and flight check-in checked in an average of 60 passengers per check-in being a team player by helping colleagues achieve targets and solve problems to meet daily kpis serving customers in a polite and professional manner according to singapore airlines standards dispatching flights on time which included overseeing the boarding of the aircraft demonstrating an in-depth knowledge of key health and safety standards used within the industry working alongside airline duty officers to meet kpis and airline standards consistently achieved airline on-time performance standards demonstrated the ability to handle complex situations within the given industry safety measures significantly improved the customer experience, regularly converting unhappy customers to very satisfied customers, something that earned me employee of the month in june 2014. international travel consultant 04 2010 to 10 2013 company name city complete systems training galileo reservations, universal desktop, client management and accounting complete product training customer sales process selling travel products to a wide range of clients helping train new team members in key competencies handling customer payments and accounting being a team player by coaching colleagues on the sales process to reach store revenue targets adopting business strategies including local store marketing and financing dealing with customer complaints providing business solutions liaising with airline representatives and wholesales liaising with wholesalers to drive sales and meet targets achieved consistent revenue and growth targets on a monthly basis repeat client base of approximately 60 per cent demonstrated resilience and ability to upsell products, consistently meeting kpis by adding more value to sales significantly improved negotiation skills, regularly converting customers from point of enquiry to sale gained self directed learning and development and problem solving skills. corporate travel manager staff developer and trainer 08 2014 to current company name city assisting with on the job sales, product and systems training for new staff members. developing staff in core competences to ensure success. researching travel options presenting the best deals in terms of customer requirements. ensure all bookings reservations are processed accurately. responding to all phone enquiries promptly, courteously and in a friendly manner. filing, photocopying and general administrative duties. building strong relationships with clients. ability to achieve branch, team sales and profitability objectives. up selling relevant add-ons, like, insurance, excursions, etc. negotiating corporate and best rates with hotels. advising on and organising visas passports. booking rail, hotel, domestic and international air travel. monitoring competitor activity in order to maintain the most competitive rates. complying with all relevant laws and travel business legislation. handling high numbers of incoming calls from direct customers and travel trade. offering holidays to a wide variety of long haul luxury destinations, including the indian ocean, arabian gulf, americas, egypt africa and far east. education bachelor of applied science aviation aviation business management current royal melbourne institute of technology - city gpa gpa 3.4 4.0 analytical and conceptual thinking, with a conscientious approach to managing workloads. ability to handle, analyse and interpret complex data, before presenting it back based on the overall analysis made. advanced problem solving and numeracy skills. accomplished communication skills, both written and verbal developed through numerous essays and presentations.       proficiency in all areas of microsoft office, including access, excel, word and powerpoint. 3.5 gpa university of westminster - commencing a 3-month scholarship at the university of westminster. this will be undertaken via distance learning. 2011 - successfully obtained a certificate iii in tourism retail sales physics, mathematical methods, english literature, english mainstream, chemistry and biology 1 2009 parade secondary college - physics, mathematical methods, english literature, english mainstream, chemistry and biology australian tertiary admission rank 83.40 qualifications diploma management 1 2012 - management skills accounting, general accounting, approach, business solutions, business strategies, coaching, good communication skills, communication skills, oral, computer literate, client management, clients, customer service skills, data entry, dispatching, english, essays, fast, financing, leadership skills, managing, marketing, mentor, access, excel, microsoft office, powerpoint, word, negotiation, organizational, presenting, presentations, problem solving, problem solving skills, problem-solving skills, retail sales, safety, selling, sales, scientific, self motivated, team player, time management, written additional information nationality australian visa tier 5 youth mobility exp 24 7 2016 note eligible for eu passport