government relations, communications and organizational development director professional summary strategically grounded, highly experienced leader* quickly establishes trust and effective working relationships * focus on effective communication between teams * creative, articulate and resourceful * successful at team mentoring and develop individuals into leadership *innovative, energetic and a good sense of humor skills work history 01/2014 to current government relations, communications and organizational development director company name – city , state government relations and communications wsdot toll division leadership: develops strong partnerships with functional teams throughout wsdot and region in delivering toll projects. oversees implementation of continuous improvement and lean project. represents the division with the media, government and industry representatives, and citizens. government relations: serves as a strategic advisor to department executives on key tolling, communication and legislative strategies. communications: leads strategic communication and government relations delivery plans with internal employees and stakeholders for the wsdot toll division. distills complex financial and technical information into clear graphic storytelling and understandable communication. facilitates resolution workshops on policy conflicts between internal and cross functional partners. leads external communications team leverage of current social media tools. team: 2 managers, 8 staff director of budget and program development washington state ferries leadership: built strong partnerships between diverse internal partners and external stakeholders. cultivated lean initiatives and projects in partnership with agency executives. developed organization's performance management program. trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption of new program. initiated rollout of new enterprise software solution for sales reporting. spearheaded cross-functional initiative to achieve [objective] . 08/2008 to 09/2011 director of program management company name – city , state greco led the program management for the awv program with a $3.125 billion budget. she led high performing global teams with differing goals towards an aligned matrixed organization with direct and adjacent reporting structures. greco led budget, finance, human relations, communications, real estate services, consultant and third party agreements including railroads. greco led complex negotiations for executive leadership with differing priorities and goals for technical agreements of the bored tunnel project. she was responsible for financial forecasts, budget development and accounting for the awv program. directed 5 managers and a team of 33 employees. developed and rolled out new policies. hired and trained [number] of staff. implemented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce turnover. partnered successfully with [departments, clients] to produce [positive outcome] . 04/2006 to 08/2008 project director, i-90 corridor and sound move projects company name – city , state directed delivery of design and construction projects for high capacity transit in the i-90 corridor and for the completion of sound transit sound move projects. oversaw improved partnering and project coordination between wsdot and sound transit design and engineering teams for direct access facilities and link light rail on the interstate system. greco managed the leadership alignment for the urban corridors senior management team including the three mega projects, alaskan way viaduct, sr 520 and i-405. 07/1995 to 03/2003 manager, aviation services and planning company name – city , state oversaw delivery of the wsdot pilot and aircraft registration program, aviation planning, outreach and education program. provided leadership support in the reorganization and relocation of the wsdot aviation division. created the wsdot airport land use compatibility program, which now serves as a national model in protecting airports through local land use planning. restructured the aviation system plan into a dynamic web-based resource tool for the 129 airports in washington. managed consultants for delivery of the statewide pavement management program. provided staff support for the 2002 joint legislative audit review committee aviation division study and the 1998 state aviation policy. public affairs specialist company name – city , state served as spokesperson to national and international media including crisis managementincluding the pan am 103 bombing, and numerous aircraft accidents. provided media training to senior management as well as support during media interviews including the television shows, 60 minutes and 48 hours. 09/2011 to 01/2014 director, budget and program development company name – city , state serves as director of budget and program development for wsdot ferries division with a $760 million biennial budget serving over 22 million passengers each year. greco oversaw program management for the operating and capital budgets and established a trend and change management program. built strong partnerships between diverse internal partners and external stakeholders. cultivated lean initiatives and projects in partnership with agency executives. developed organization's performance management program. she is experienced in interest arbitration for numerous collective bargaining agreements. greco oversees the organization's performance management program and has a demonstrated ability to inspire and preserve teams. initiated rollout of new enterprise software solution for sales reporting. spearheaded cross-functional initiative to achieve [objective] . strengthened company's business by leading implementation of [project] . trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption of new program. education bachelor of science : flight technology flight technology central washington university executive management program, evans school, university of washington : skills arbitration, agency, budgets, budget, continuous improvement, delivery, executive management, financial, functional, government, graphics, graphic, human relations, hyperion, i-90, leadership, director, excel, powerpoint, microsoft project, 3.1, word, negotiations, oracle, performance management, program development, program management, real estate, sound, strategic, visio, workshops additional information non-profit and community support neighborhood youth alliance, founding director math and literacy outreach to homeless and children in poverty, lynnwood, wa campaign manager in the successful election john resha for lake forest park city council precinct campaign officer, 46th legislative district 2