storekeeper ii professional summary the purpose of this document is to secure a responsible career position that fully utilizes educational knowledge and experience while contributing to the goals and values of this organization. having a friendly attitude and worm personality is an appreciated strong point, as it aided in building positive relationships with customers. as a result, repeat and satisfied customers were well known during career at pioneer packaging as well as while working for city of peoria. helping people is one of my best characteristics. obtaining several years experience contacting vendors, answering phones and face to face contact with the public and governmental personnel has honed my customer service abilities. problem solving skills and a positive work ethic makes communication easier. i am devoted and dedicated to serving in any way possible, and strive to accomplish assigned tasks quickly and efficiently. exceptional people skills allow the ability to manage personnel and take care of conflicts, disputes and other personal needs of employees. procurement and purchasing: over 10 years processing purchase orders. primary vendor contact for inventory control and fleet parts room purchases. highly proficient utilizing inventory procurement practices and procedures. skills work history storekeeper ii | january 2002 - january 2013 maintaining and reconciling inventory through clerical support, using peoplesoft to procure and receive shipments obtained by purchase order. create excel spread sheets for reports, manage inventory files and research inventory problems. conduct inventory cycle counts, coordinate stock and document transactions. csr): provide customer service to departmental and fleet maintenance personnel, process work orders and fill fleet purchase requisitions, contact vendors to procure fuel, parts and other automobile and truck supplies for fleet services. trainer: forklift operator safety. company name shipping: fulfill orders with use of infrared scanning system (ifr). forklift operator: four-stage electronic single person picker for order pulling and staging. word processing: input shipping orders for usps, ups, fedex, and other common carriers. prepare overseas containers for shipment; verify quantities, shipment labels and paperwork. company name warehouse floor supervisor | january 1996 - january 2001 performance areas include: interviewing prospective employees for higher. providing daily instruction to warehouse personnel and dispatching drivers for deliveries and pickups. routine cycle counts of inventory insure and verify, proper placement of inventory. receive all incoming shipments and verify counts create stock locations. maintain inventory and quality control procedures. accomplishments personal: due to specialized training and procurement practices the city of peoria had an annual savings of $1500.00 annually on costs of goods acquired by purchase order during career. by developing a spreadsheet to record material requisitions and receiving logs, our department was able to stop purchasing preprinted forms from local vendor, as a result monthly operational cost were reduced. man hours during cycle counts and order pulling were also reduced through consolidating bulk inventory into more manageable amounts with the use of poly-bags rather than just dumping items into bin boxes. note: the points mentioned above are a small portion of the ideas introduced during career at city of peoria. company name aviation structural mechanic | city , state line division supervisor assistant, plain captain while in line division. worked as an aircraft hydraulic and structural systems mechanic as a member of naval aircraft squadron vs-38. received general under honorable conditions discharge. njrotc, (navy junior recruit officer training corps). education bachelor's degree business management administration grand canyon university city , state business management administration associate degree national education center city , state graduate naval aviation a school city , state certified trainer forklift truck operator safety autocad certificate in architectural drafting llewellyn technology, certificate, electro mechanical systems repair city , state training also includes repair of signode banding and tie wrapping machines, synergy, minipac-poly shrink film packaging systems, remove and replace damaged parts and components, and mechanical devices. skills architectural drafting, autocad, clerical, customer service, data entry, dispatching, drivers, film, forklift, forklift operator, forms, instruction, inventory, mechanical, mechanic, excel, microsoft office, powerpoint, windows, word, navy, naval, packaging, peoplesoft, peoplesoft 9.0, personnel, presentations, procurement, purchasing, quality control, receiving, reconciling, research, safety, scanning, shipping, spreadsheets, spread sheets, spreadsheet, supervisor, trainer, word processing, word perfect