customer services summary professional in economics with 7 years of experience in the financial sector, as administrative assistant, manager, analyst and customer services. optimizing work methods through the planning and execution of daily activities that correspond to my position. i have the ability to work in a fast paced environment, successful in maintaining multiple tasks, able to work well individually or with a team, dedicated and focused to achieve the objectives. highlights leadership management support strategic planner financial trader customer relationship  analysis accomplishments improved department efficiency address rategic workflow and process improvements. maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.  created new operational planning strategy to drive business development researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to mantain customer relationship. experience 07 2016 to 11 2016 customer services company name city , state support english and spanish incoming call flow provide information to new and existing customers to support their needs and finding a solutions to keep customers satisfied and retain business. navigate computer systems to properly conduct the objective of the campaign and locate customer data or other electronic information, records each call by accurately documenting status and comments in the platform. 06 2013 to 05 2015 manager - bpo analyst company name city lead team of 15 professionals analysis coordinator and risk management for citibank international. record national and international ach transactions to  reduce risk of fraud and comply the policies and government regulations. create monthly reports to maintain the business control. define strategy and bussines plan to control the volume transactions train and suppot  risk personnel during new system implementations ans upgrades 10 2008 to 05 2013 financial assistant - trader company name city support the financial investment area in buying and selling financial assets. advise the customer  with their investments to higer returns find solutions to customer s necessities through e-mail and phone calls. organize electronic files and maintain paper files updates  verify details of transactions, including funds received and total account balances.  deposite dividend payments, settle invoices, administer the petty cash to keep the office up to day provide financial reports and  office supplies open ans assign new client accounts. keep confidential information. education 2014 bachelor of science economics city colombia economics yeni maldonado languages spanish - english - portuguese skills attention to detail, billing, customer services, data analysis, documentation, e-mail, english, organize files, financial, financial reports, investments, leadership, meetings, microsoft office, office, portuguese, risk management, selling, spanish, strategic planning, phone, web page