claims subject matter expert professional summary experienced customer service representative with over 10 years of experience worked in healthcare industry for over 8 years with humana, passport and excellus bcbs of ny successfully trained seasonal associates for open enrollment and worked as a client subject matter expert for shps, inc. skills adept m ulti-tasker office support (phones, faxing, filing) hcpcs coding guidelines understands anesthesia coding fast learner insurance and collections procedures records management professional understands insurance benefits •icd-10 (international classification of disease systems) drg and pc grouping •familiar with commercial and private insurance carrier ambulance coding familiarity •insurance and collections procedures composed and professional demeanor •drg and pc grouping research and data analysis •understands insurance benefits resourceful and reliable worker •ambulance coding familiarity excellent problem solver •composed and professional demeanor close attention to detail •research and data analysis medical terminology expert •excellent problem solver billing and collection procedures expert •office management professional •close attention to detail    •office support (phones, faxing, filing) •excellent verbal communication    •excellent verbal communication ​ work history claims subject matter expert , 09/2016 to 12/2016 company name – city , state · worked any other special projects assigned by management · responsible for meeting claims production goal of 200 claims per day · processed professional hcfa 1500 ambulance, anesthesia, labs, office visits etc. professional hcfa 1500 · responsible for claims processing for the medicaid plans for hmo 7 university health and hmo 9 ahcss · worked as a claims subject matter expert for banner health benefit plan admin./client service expert , 05/2016 to 09/2016 company name – city , state · responsible for duties in f all departmental efficiencies as assigned by management support o · scheduled refills per the patients' plan benefit · keyed orders and sent for fulfillment · processed rx refills for customers · assisted with outbound calling to providers, patient and pharmacies to obtain additional info need to process the rx refill, ·answered incoming calls patient access rep i , 07/2015 to 03/2016 company name – city , state · responsible for duties in support of departmental efficiencies which may include: but not limited to performing scheduling, registration, patient pre-admission and admission, reception and discharge functions. · verify medical benefits and eligibility with payers and calculate patient liability collection amounts · completes the whole patient financial clearance process; including educating patients on liability and collection of patient liabilities due. · completes all account documentation and enters the correct activity code when required. ·  secures insurance authorizations for services and updates account accordingly · performs payment reconciliation & secured payment entry in adherence to financial & cash control policies and procedures claims subject matter expert/dst , 07/2015 to 07/2015 company name – city , state · worked as a claims examiner for dst solutions based out of delaware · responsible for processing commercial and medicare plans. · adjusted backlog claims using the clients claims system for adjudication · knowledgeable of citrix platform for applications. · utilized claims matrix to determine authorization for delivery, well baby newborn, inpatient claims, nursing home etc. claims examiner , 07/2014 to 05/2015 company name – city , state · worked as a claims examiner for client kaiser permanente southern california. · responsible for data processing incoming hospital ub's for medicare/ kpsa plan. · contract interpretation to validate proper payment logic for claim adjudication. · identify billing and coding errors and submit documentation to provider's if necessary for corrected claims forms to be sent in with the medicare compliance guidelines. · adjudicate replacement, late charge claims etc. accordingly per client's guidelines for processing. · proficient in microsoft word, excel, power point, outlook, internet explorer, cms pricers, drg calculator, icd-9, cpt, basic office systems and various web applications claims subject matter expert , 05/2013 to 05/2014 company name – city , state · worked as a contracted claims expert for excellus bcbs of ny · responsible for claims processing for the home commercial, medicare and medicaid plans · processed claims with the host side of the plan updating provider files and credentials to support claims adjustment. · worked any other special projects as assigned by management. provider claims service unit representative i , 03/2008 to 11/2012 company name – city , state · responsible for immediate responses to incoming provider calls regarding claims issues.â · process incoming correspondence from providers on claims issues that need to be resolved for passport health (medicaid) and passport advantage. · reprocessing claims as identified through incoming phone calls or submitted by provider relations staff.â · identifying systematic and procedural issues resulting in claims processing errors and initiating action to resolve those issues. · documenting calls, problems, and resolutions for future reference · proficient in microsoft word, excel, power point, outlook, internet explorer, facets, ika systems, cms pricers, drg calculator, icd-9, cpt, basic office systems and web application · worked special projects as assigned by management benefits plan administration/ eligibility & enrollment/client service expert , 05/2004 to 03/2008 company name – city , state · answered incoming calls regarding eligibility, claims processing, and billing inquires. · administered employee group benefits for retirees, active, long term disability, and cobra participants · resolved issues for billing, carrier eligibility, etc. · organized special projects such as web inquiry responses, updating accurate information in our knowledge base customer service tool as assigned by management · team lead/ initiated training for full-time and temporary associates of ongoing call center and open enrollment. customer service claims specialist-chicago medicare/ commercial/ medicaid , 04/2001 to 02/2003 company name – city , state · supported chicago medicare , medicaid and commercial markets · received inbound and outbound calls from insured members, clients, brokers, agents and providers · mailed any related correspondence such as enrollment material, forms and brochures to members. · processed medical claims that needed adjustment · knowledgeable of drg, icd-9, cpt coding managed customer calls effectively and efficiently in a complex, fast-paced and challenging call center environment. accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service issues. managed high call volume with tact and professionalism. acted professionally and patiently when addressing negative customer feedback. resolved service, pricing and technical problems for customers by asking clear and specific questions. effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls. claims examiner , 07/2014 to 05/2015 company name – city , state · worked as a claims examiner for client kaiser permanente southern california. ·   responsible for data processing incoming hospital ub's for medicare/ kpsa plan.  ·   contract interpretation to validate proper payment logic for claim adjudication. · identify billing and coding errors and submit documentation to provider's if necessary for corrected claims forms to be sent in with the medicare compliance guidelines. · adjudicate replacement bill type , late charge claims etc. accordingly per client's guidelines for processing. proficient in microsoft word , excel, power point, outlook, internet explorer, cms pricers, drg calculator, icd-9, cpt, basic office systems and variousweb applications â precisely completed appropriate claims paperwork, documentation and system entry. thoroughly researched newly identified diagnoses and/or medical procedures to expand skills and knowledge. resourcefully used various coding books, procedure manuals and on-line encoders. actively maintained current working knowledge of cpt and icd-9 coding principles, government regulation, protocols and third party requirements regarding billing. education bachelor of science : psychology , current liberty university - city , state psychology/ christian counseling administration  advocacy case management community relations  counseling  mental health services programming certification in medical coding may 2017 : ashworth college - skills as400, balance, basic, benefits, billing, brochures, calculator, call center, cms, cpt coding, cpt, credit, client, clients, customer service, forms, icd-9, internet explorer, team lead, team leader, microsoft access, excel, office, outlook, powerpoint, power point, word, microsoft word, police, coding, sales, phone