sr. network engineer summary bilingual network engineer offering in-depth understanding of it infrastructure areas, particularly it network design, implementation optimization of wired wireless network. detail-oriented self-starter with demonstrated success in initiating, tracking, reporting and closing projects. certifications cct data center, ccnp, ccna, mcse, security , network , a skills routers cisco 17xx, 18xx, 26xx, 28xx, 37xx, 38xx, 39xx 72xx series asr 1k 9k series switches cisco 3550, 3750, 45xx, 65xx series, nexus 5k, 2k, 7k, 9k load balancer cisco css, f5 networks wan optimization cisco waas, ppp multilink routing ospf, eigrp, bgp, rip-2, pbr, route filtering, redistribution, summarization, static routing. switching vlan, vtp, stp, pvst , rpvst , inter vlan routing multi- layer switching, multicast operations, layer 3 switches, ether channels, transparent bridging lan ethernet, fast ethernet, gigabit ethernet, fddi, cddi, token ring, atm lan emulation wan leased lines 64k - 155mb ppp hdlc , channelized links e1 t1 e3 t3 , fiber optic circuits, frame relay, isdn, and load balancing. various features services ios and features, hsrp, glbp, irdp, nat, snmp, syslog, ntp, dhcp, cdp, dns, tftp and ftp management. ip telephony ip telephony utilizing cisco routers, fxo fxs e m t1 isdn pri, call manager publisher subscriber aaa architecture tacacs , radius, cisco acs. security firewalls cisco asa firewalls 55xx, ipsec ssl vpns, ips ids, dmz setup, cbac, cisco nac, acl, ios firewall features, ios setup security features juniper ex 2200, ex 4200, ex 4500, mx-480, m series, srx210, srx240 vpn remote vpn site to site vpn, dmvpn wireless site assessment using airmagnet ekahua adaptors. installation, configuration and maintenance of palo alto firewalls. work experience sr. network engineer sep 2014 to jul 2017 company name city , state implementation of vlans with intervlan communication implementation of hsrp, vrrp and glbp redundant routing protocols configuration of mpls, bgp and eigrp installation and configuration of layer 3 switching infrastructure installation and configuration of mpls wan routers cisco call manager and unity connection versions 7.1 and 8.6 administration. cisco call manager and unity connection operating system upgrades and installation tacacs configuration and administration of all network devices using for authentication, authorization and accounting manage incidents, change management and projects with system center service manager monitor active directory servers and all cisco network devices with system center operations manager implementation and management of cisco prime network control system for wireless network implementation and management of cisco mobility service engine for wireless network sr. network engineer nov 2011 to aug 2014 company name city , state responsible for maintaining network with over 5000 users. experienced with troubleshooting of network issues in layers 1, 2, and 3. experienced with vlan assignment, on both cisco and brocade devices. 802.1x and mab configurations. experienced with troubleshooting issues with both cisco and brocade switches routers. experienced with trouble shooting spanning tree issues that may occur during and after hours. responsible for setup and install of switches and routers. includes configuration and hardening for both cisco and brocade. responsible for activating user, printer, vtc ports and troubleshooting link inactivity on a daily basis, as well as issues with 802.1x, mab issues, port-channeling, link-aggregation, vtp issues, rsa key issues. used knowledge base to find solutions for issues that arose with customers networks using pro-series network program running on windows server 2000 and windows server 2003 r2. communicated with team members to successfully keep customer downtime to a minimum. experienced with troubleshooting of network issues in layers 1, 2, and 3. experienced with vlan assignment, on both cisco and brocade devices. 802.1x and mab configurations. responsible for setup and install of switches and routers. includes configuration and hardening for cisco. network engineer feb 2003 to aug 2009 company name city , state connected switches using trunk links and ether channel responsible for maintenance and utilization of vlans, spanning-tree, hsrp, vtp of the switched multilayer backbone with catalyst switches implemented redundant load balancing technique with internet applications for switches and routers. support network technicians as they require training support for problem resolution including performing diagnostics, configuring network devices used network monitoring tool to manage, monitor and troubleshoot the network configured cisco ios feature set, nat and simple network management protocol snmp for network security implementation received inbound calls of technical nature, independently resolved customer complaints, concerns and inquiries regarding their internet connection troubleshoot a wide range of technical support issues and connectivity problems such as authentication, connection speed, e-mail configuration, and loss of synchronization experience in new employee mentoring, training and coaching education mba , it 2011 london school of accountancy management city , united kingdom pgdms , management 2010 london school of accountancy management city , uk associate of science , science 2001 rizvi college of arts, science commerce city , state , india personal information authorized to work in the us for any employer place of birth hyderabad, india date of birth 1st of november, 1982 present resident in birmingham, al sex male status married hobbies international travel, driving, cooking, movies, music, dinning out.