human resources manager [social] professional summary dedicated human resource manager with hands-on personnel management experience, and business-related academic knowledge that blends seamlessly into a position such as human resources manager. adapt at addressing sensitive issues and maintaining the strictest of confidentiality. particularly organized and efficient with a flair for prioritizing. as well as highly skilled at incorporating creative leadership skills to achieve business objectives. skills equal opportunities facilitation recruitment strategies labor negotiations recordkeeping compensation structuring benefits administration payroll coordination workforce improvements company organization training programs human resources certification new employee orientations microsoft officeâ compensation and benefits microsoft access termination procedures ms office proficient oracle,â project management profit line, fmla comprehension society for human  cpr, and bilingual english/spanish, outlook, paychexflex, zenefits, crimshield, docusign, conflict resource management management and problem solving, personnel management, interpersonal skills, organized and efficient, team buildingâ diplomatic, conflict resolution, business knowledge, pivot tables in-depth knowledge of hr compliance trained in fmla/ada/eeo/wc knowledgeable in all hr systems professionals in human resources association employee recruitment business mediation adp workforce now sharepoint intranet softwar sharepoint intranet software work history human resources manager 01/2018 to current company name – city , state • sourced for contract, temp, and direct to hire employees • order vid, pid, tech numbers for employees through spectrum charter • onboard new hires through hr system such as zenefits and paychex flex • created powerpoint presentation educating employees on benefits programs and costs that designed and implemented employee benefit programs • advised management on complex employment law issues to resolve issue consistently and fairly • coach employees on supervisory skills to increase communications, clarify expectations and improve performance. • counseled employees on performance to improve quality of service and efficiency. • maintain and process all necessary company licenses and bonds. • co-authored company's employee handbook outlining payroll • reconstructed the companies hiring process • send documents to new hires through docusign • work on insuring company vehicles, filing claims and or accident reports • run mvr's through iix • created offer letter and policies for the company • performance evaluations to better the performance metrics shadowed employees to determine an accurate description of the duties and skills required for each position. updated key human resource metrics, including turnover and terminations, using reporting tools on the hrms database. conducted salary survey research for both exempt and non-exempt positions. established and monitored employee pay scales. facilitated the criminal background check process for new hires. developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources activity. conducted employment verifications and investigations. developed and facilitated all new-hire orientations. fitness consultant 11/2017 to 01/2018 company name – city , state high volume calling - up to 200 calls per day to generate sales. follow up on all prospects by using established gold's gym sales systems. conduct gym tours using established gold's gym sales systems. conduct telephone inquiries using established gold's gym sales systems. explained exercise modifications and contraindicated movements to participants with a history of injury. implemented marketing strategies which resulted in 12% growth of customer base. fitness consultant 11/2017 to 01/2018 company name – city , state high volume calling - up to 200 calls per day to generate sales. follow up on all prospects by using established gold's gym sales systems. conduct gym tours using established gold's gym sales systems. conduct telephone inquiries using established gold's gym sales systems. explained exercise modifications and contraindicated movements to participants with a history of injury. supervisor 05/2013 to 09/2017 company name – city , state • managed member billing and accounts using profit line • performed diversified administrative tasks including completing schedule for 7 employees • promoted and organized a variety of events for children of all ages ensuring safety • hired, interviewed and trained kids club attendants • outsourced to find potential employees • checked backgrounds of kids club employees • payroll for the kid's club department through adp provided instruction, coaching and motivation to all employees during the shift. developed and enforced safety standards and procedures for food quality and sanitation purposes. checked job sites for accuracy, quality and to ensure that all specifications for the project were met. marked clearance items down and moved the merchandise to its proper area of the store. supervisor 05/2013 to 09/2017 company name – city , state • managed member billing and accounts using profit line • performed diversified administrative tasks including completing schedule for 7 employees • promoted and organized a variety of events for children of all ages ensuring safety • hired, interviewed and trained kids club attendants • outsourced to find potential employees • checked backgrounds of kids club employees • payroll for the kid's club department through adp provided instruction, coaching and motivation to all employees during the shift. developed and enforced safety standards and procedures for food quality and sanitation purposes. checked job sites for accuracy, quality and to ensure that all specifications for the project were met. marked clearance items down and moved the merchandise to its proper area of the store. politely assisted customers in person and via telephone. administrative clerk 05/2009 to 09/2017 company name – city , state • checked in members as well as answered questions and concerns • led programs in science, technology, engineering, and math for young children • assisted with new employee orientation greeted incoming customers in a professional manner and provided friendly, knowledgeable assistance. education bba : management 2017 ct bauer university of houston - city management graduated with 3.465 gpa member of shrmâ dean's list fall 2015â majored in management awardedâ certificate in entrepreneurship skills administrative, adp, benefits, billing, bonds, clarify, coach, interpersonal skills, conflict management, conflict resolution, cpr, bilingual english, filing, hiring, hr, law, market, math, meetings, microsoft access, microsoft office suite, outlook, powerpoint, power point, oracle, payroll, pen, personnel management, pivot tables, policies, problem solving, profit, quality, safety, sales, spanish, staffing, supervisory skills, telephone, written communications additional information honors and awards presidents list spring 2014 - summer 2015 dean's list fall 2015 certifications certificate in entrepreneurship