fitness trainee/recreation management intern accomplishments volunteered at newman shares food pantry collecting nonperishable food items for low-income students and families developed professional skills by attending professional development workshops such as career fair preparation and communication instructed by career center professionals rauner family ymca recruited volunteers and manage ticketing for halloween fairs volunteered 80+ hours over the course of 4 years for the school age program accounting for 20-25 children ages 3-5 during day activities. professional summary experienced sales employee skilled in event planning, microsoft excel, customer service, microsoft word, and microsoft office. strong sales professional with a bachelor's degree focused in recreation, sport, and tourism from university of illinois at urbana-champaign with dean's list and james scholar recognition. skills excel (intermediate), microsoft word (intermediate), powerpoint (intermediate) extremely organized data management staff development team leadership project management self-motivated team liaison work history fitness trainee/recreation management intern company name city , state january 2018 to current research and aid in planning exercises options for fitgames. identify and create new business contacts. update social media account with weekly posts. implement new strategies approved by owner for business growth. research assistant company name city , state february 2017 to current code data from surveys onto age options database. analyze the data to find any correlation among the survey responses. create graphs and charts to display findings. write research report on findings. student lead supervisor company name city , state may 2017 to current create monthly schedules for 30 student employees. create and assign daily tasks for student employees. keep track of personnel during shifts. record notes for weekly meeting. intern company name city , state september 2017 to december 2017 research in cost-effective marketing strategies. manage multiple social media accounts daily to increase brand awareness. ran front desk and process membership payments. student employee company name city , state february 2016 to may 2017 operated cash register to process over 50 transactions by credit daily. stocked and back stocked merchandise to maintain inventory orderly. greeted customers and answer any questions in person or over the phone in order to provide excellent customer service. research assistant company name city , state october 2016 to may 2017 created a code book in order to ease the data entering process. cleaned the data in order to create a hypothesis from the results found. facilitated a group of four in conducting an external-internal (swot) analysis of the program. present findings at annual research symposium. seasonal sales employee company name city , state december 2014 to january 2016 provided quality customer service by responding to 15 customer needs and assist any questions or concerns daily. conducted over 100 transactions by cash and credit daily. issued government standard lotto transactions. run cash file reports and make daily deposits of the store's profit in order to open and close store operations and registers. tutor company name city , state september 2014 to december 2014 advised [address]udents to address math and readings concerns. supervised 30-35 children between ages of 8-9 on group readings and math oriented activities. motivated children to continue their education by providing positive comments on their progress. personal information coordinated a group of 5 towards developing a family game night program for the families at urbana early childhood school *created excel sheets to organize members' availabilities and keep track of resources needed for the program *direct 20 families through [address]ations and provide them with a meal in order to enrich their experience of the program education bachelor of science - recreation, sport, and tourism tourism university of illinois at champaign city , state may 2018 recreation, sport, and tourism tourism dean's list (top 20% of students) *james scholar *certificate of excellence (acknowledgment of exceptional academic achievement administration of leisure services; coaching strategies; communications in recreation, sports, & tourism; contemporary issues; cultural tourism; diversity in recreation, sports, & tourism; economic statistics; facility management; human resource management leadership in recreation, sport, & tourism; tourism planning; leisure programming; leisure & consumer culture; marketing in recreation, sport, &tourism; macroeconomic principles gpa: 3.61/4.00 interests illinois governor's conference on travel & tourism (2016) *attended sessions given by erik qualman, don wildman, johnny "cupcakes" earle, and others about recent topics relating to tourism *contributed to team building exercises with the convention and visitor's bureau (cvb) of champaign's team urbana early childhood school languages spanish (basic/polite) skills basic, book, cash register, charts, coaching, credit, customer services, excellent customer service, customer service, database, facility management, government, graphs, human resource management, maintain inventory, leadership, notes, marketing strategies, marketing, math, excel, powerpoint, microsoft word, personnel, profit, programming, progress, quality, research, spanish, statistics, surveys, symposium, phone additional information awards may 2015 magnetar youth investment academy chicago, il recipient of non-renewable stock portfolio competition awards may 2015 magnetar youth investment academy chicago, il recipient of non-renewable stock portfolio competition scholarship created and maintained simulated stock portfolio with the highest returns of over $100,000 winning the competition between individuals that participated from my school interests illinois governor's conference on travel & tourism (2016) attended sessions given by erik qualman, don wildman, johnny "cupcakes" earle, and others about recent topics relating to tourism contributed to team building exercises with the convention and visitor's bureau (cvb) of champaign's team urbana early childhood school coordinated a group of 5 towards developing a family game night program for the families at urbana early childhood school created excel sheets to organize members' availabilities and keep track of resources needed for the program direct 20 families through [address]ations and provide them with a meal in order to enrich their experience of the program