night warehouse selector professional summary experienced personal trainer for eight plus years conducting one on one training sessions in upscale fitness studios and gyms. skills customer satisfaction staff leadership weight trainer nutrition plans personable and friendly versatile individual life and body assessments customer satisfaction strength trainer fitness equipment expertise work history night warehouse selector 12 2016 to current company name city , state night warehouse selector. selects customer orders from pick slots using pick lists of assorted items to build orders according to driver stops at customer locations. delivers merchandise to correct dock area, stacks items on pallets according to driver stops at customer locations for next day delivery and shrink wraps palletized orders. this involves riding a pallet jack, moving products from racks to pallet, labeling the selected cases with the order labels and using voxware voice logistics software. validates that correct product has been selected and is damage free. notify stocker of empty or short slots for replenishment. work in multi-temperature areas as assigned. meet weekly standards for productivity and accuracy while working in a safe manner. performs various post-shift duties that could include clearing aisles of all debris, returning pallet jack to charging area, and hook up jack for battery charging. stacks empty pallets from slots in aisle. clean up any spills and places damaged product in recoup area. completes any related paperwork. petra industries. maintains inventory by identifying, labeling, and placing materials and supplies in stock recording location of inventory. locates materials and supplies by pulling and verifying materials and supplies listed on production orders. documents materials and supplies disposition by recording units delivered and location of units. receives credit-return material and supplies from production by verifying materials and supplies code and lot number and quantity placing materials in stock. prepares finished stock for shipment by identifying, pulling, packing, crating, loading, and securing product. documents product shipment by recording units shipped. maintains material-handling equipment by completing pre-use inspections making operator repairs. contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. personal fitness trainer 01 2016 to 12 2016 company name city , state carefully evaluated member needs and assisted them in achieving personal fitness goals. possessing the knowledge, skills and abilities for safe and effective exercise and fitness program design, instruction and assistance for the purpose of reaching personal health and fitness goals. participated in club promotions to recruit new members and increase club sales. demonstrated and explained fitness program benefits to members, resulting in a 25 increase in a member participation in paid classes. lead clients and occasional groups of all ages through personal workouts and skill development training. also i motivated clients by setting goals and providing feedback and accountability to clients. as well as measure client s strengths and weaknesses with fitness assessments. assistant manager 07 2014 to 05 2015 company name city , state finish line. assists store manager in all aspects of daily shift management, including customer relations, inventory control, procedural tasks and paperwork, as well as visual merchandising. maintains both individual and shift sales. provides daily shift floor coverage. trains sales associates. supervises pos. provides security loss prevention in store. oversees contest management tracking results coaching performance . organizes shipments, transfers merchandise. performs maintenance of store. opens and closes store. holds accountability for store sales and metrics. holds accountability for stock and merchandise flow. maintains company standards regarding personal and store sales performance metrics. process technician - welder 04 2015 to 01 2016 company name city , state performs a variety of welding and grinding procedures on a variety materials and parts using manual and semi-automatic machines. performs assembly disassembly and fasten unfastening parts larger than hand using tools fit, bolt, weld, and cut or otherwise connect components and equipment according to specifications. ladies fitness 01 2014 to 12 2015 company name city , state taught clients how to modify exercises appropriately to avoid injury. arrived on time, prepared and attentive for every training appointment. helped older adults with weight training by setting up equipment and providing instructions. counsel clients on proper nutrients and exercise habits. consistently attain facility targets. personal training director 02 2013 to 12 2015 company name city , state skills coaching, oral communication, excellent communication, credit, client, clients, customer relations, delivery, focus, instruction, maintains inventory, inventory, inventory control, logistics, loss prevention, materials, monitors, next, organizational skills, pallet jack, pick, pos, program design, recording, repairs, safety, sales, store manager, supervision, visual merchandising, weld, welding education high school diploma phone hale high school - city , state 2 years completed, murray state college tishomingo, ok