assistant teacher summary an organized professional, with experience fostering a cohesive student learning environment. experience working with students of all abilities. uses effective and efficient methods of teaching while focusing on the individual needs of the student. highlights cpr first-aid certified excellent classroom management sei endorsed data-driven curriculum special edu. certified effectively works with parents dual certified differentiates instruction competent in smartboard technology collaborates with colleagues elected member of school site council experience 09 2014 to current assistant teacher company name city , state worked cooperatively with special education teachers to modify curricula for special education students according to individual education plans. applied progressive teaching principles to a class of 9 social-emotional students. taught social studies and math to grade 8. established and enforced rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order. received high remarks for the creativity of classroom lesson plans and instructional techniques from students, parents and faculty. 09 2014 to 06 2014 teacher assistant company name city , state collaborated with the severe special education teacher in order to best meet academic and other specific needs of the individual students in a resource and inclusion setting. created conditions for social-emotional students to make academic and life skill gains. kept consistent communication with parents to address student s weekly progress. 09 2013 to 08 2014 severe special education paraprofessional company name city , state worked cooperatively with teachers to modify curricula for special education students according to individual education plans. supported and modified curriculum in the general education setting, in order to best meet the needs of the student. worked 1 1 with severe disabilities. provided 1 1 support, as a job coach in an alternative setting. assisted the severe special education in explicitly teaching life skills to a group of 7 students. education may 2016 master of arts american international college city , state moderate disabilities 5-12 sei endorsement 3.72 gpa may 2013 bachelor of arts emmanuel college city , state bachelor of arts history concentration secondary education qualifications moderate disabilities initial license history 8-12 preliminary license sei endorsement severe disabilities initial license pending