lead teacher accomplishments chosen to participate as part of a collaborative with amelia gambetti reggio schools, reggio emilia, italy, usi and deaconess children s center lead teacher - little husky world mind in the making training director of little husky world and tlc nursery. chosen to participate as part of a reggio collaborative with amelia gambetti reggio municipal schools, reggio emilia, italy , usi and deaconess children s center lead teacher - little husky world mind in the making training previously director of little husky world and tlc nursery. professional summary lead teacher site director capable of managing groups of children. patient educator who collaborates successfully with children, parents and staff. enthusiastic lead teacher site director offering 25 years experience in early childhood education. passionate about child development and learning. friendly, outgoing and adaptable in approach capable of successful collaboration with children, parents and staff. enthusiastic lead teacher site director offering 25 years experience in early childhood education. passionate about child development and learning. friendly, outgoing and adaptable in approach capable of successful collaboration with children, parents and staff. enthusiastic lead teacher site director offering 25 years experience in early childhood education. passionate about child development and learning. friendly, outgoing and adaptable in approach capable of successful collaboration with children, parents and staff. skills classroom management creation of forms for data payroll schedule activities and field trips maintain tuition data and receipts knowledge of excel word power point work within a budget snack meal planning classroom management team building creation of forms for data maintained tuition payment schedule posting payments maintaining records provided receipts schedule activities and field trips payroll knowledge of excel word power point work within a budget snack meal planning classroom management team building creation of forms for data maintained tuition payment schedule posting payments maintaining records provided receipts schedule activities and field trips payroll knowledge of excel word power point work within a budget snack meal planning classroom management team building creation of forms for data maintained tuition payment schedule posting payments maintaining records provided receipts schedule activities and field trips payroll knowledge of excel word power point work within a budget snack meal planning work history lead teacher company name - city , state 10 1992 - current adopted technological advancements that engaged and empowered children. motivated teaching staff to continually improve strategies and maximize student learning. planned and prepared activities for preschool students. provided an open and loving environment where children could express themselves and direct their own learning. modified the general education curriculum for special-needs students based upon a variety of instructional techniques and technologies. developed activities and integrated technology to diversify instruction. planned, implemented, monitored, and assessed a classroom instructional program which was consistent with paths to quality and naeyc accreditation. provided key support for ivy tech practicum students. created new lesson plans based on course objectives. met with families on a daily basis. parent family meetings offered home visits scheduled to discuss student developmental progress or address issues. liaison between families and administration. completed documentation on individual children as well as administered assessments for each child and tracked results - istar-kr, gold teaching strategies certified cpr first aid instructor red cross and protrainings. present. certified to teach skill test cpr first aid to large and small groups. photographer emt cook company name - city , state assist and back up paid personnel at medical, accident and fire scenes. prepare and assist rehab observation area for fire fighter recovery on scene. plan and prepare meals for large groups. plan, schedule and participate in pr events. lead teacher company name - city , state 10 1992 - current completed documentation on individual children and teachers for recordkeeping - gold teaching strategies administered assessments for each child and tracked results - istar-kr adopted technological advancements that engaged and empowered children. motivated teaching staff to continually improve strategies and maximize student learning. planned and prepared activities for preschool students. provided an open and loving environment where children could express themselves and direct their own learning. modified the general education curriculum for special-needs students based upon a variety of instructional techniques and technologies. developed activities and integrated technology to diversify instruction. planned, implemented, monitored, and assessed a classroom instructional program which was consistent with paths to quality and naeyc accreditation. provided key support for ivy tech practicum students. created new lesson plans based on course objectives. met with families on a daily basis. parent family meetings offered home visits scheduled to discuss student developmental progress or address issues. liaison between families and administration. education bs early childhood special ed ball state university - 2018 early childhood special ed associate of science early childhood education ivy tech community college - city , state 2003 associate of science early childhood education ivy tech community college - city , state 2003 certified emt onsite hss city , state 2003 aa early childhood education ivy tech evansville in skills budget, cpr, first aid, forms, prepare meals, excel, power point, word, payroll, personnel, pr budget, create forms, excel, power point, word, payroll certifications emt red cross protrainings first aid cpr aed instructor and skills tester cpr first aid aed certified first aid and cpr certified mind in the making