art teacher summary creative and caring leader who has earned trust and respect from students, colleagues and administration for 11 years. core qualifications community and family involvement student centered classroom instruction leadership creative lesson planning and curriculum development organization active listening skills recruiting assessments professional development motivating students and classroom management administering meetings develop positive relationships with students, parents and staff coordinating and implementing activities achievements fundraising for american cancer society for 3 years as the rfl coordinator joseph b whitehead coca cola scholars educator of distinction award in 2010 outstanding commitment to education service award in address udent council advisor of the year award in 2010 and 2014 advisor of the year in 2010 student council of the year award in 2015 breast cancer survivor 2015 professional experience 09 2012 to 06 2015 art teacher company name city , state teaching 7th grade art, art i-iv, drawing, painting, ceramics, sculpture and concurrent enrollment intro to art, drawing, ceramics and painting. planning, implementing and evaluating art curriculum for students of all levels. giving directions and explanation related to lessons. providing feedback, assessing and evaluating students throughout the lesson. communicating with students and parents on student s progress, behavior and work habits. managing disruptive behavior inside the classroom. participating in professional growth opportunities and collaborating with staff or colleagues. 08 2006 to 06 2015 community education director company name city , state providing administrative leadership to all fund 04 programs such as ecfe, school readiness, youth and adult enrichment, adults with disabilities and support groups, ged testing, adult basic education, aquatics, and early childhood screening developing and monitoring all fund 04 revenues and expenditures. hiring and supervising all community education staff. providing leadership to community education advisory board. supervising community education activities organizing programs and services both short and long term recruiting, assigning, and reviewing staff. coordinating fall, winter, spring, and summer community education brochures marketing. preparing annual state community education reports maintaining accurate and timely reporting to mde. attending workshops and seminars to benefit community education. 08 2005 to 06 2015 student council advisor company name city , state supervising students in grades 7- address udent government. planning and implementing community service projects and fundraisers. coordinating and supervising school activities, pep fests, dances, etc. administering weekly meetings assisting with elections and scholarship applications. attending ne division meetings and the state convention. 08 2005 to 06 2015 enrichment pool coordinator company name city , state supervising the pool, lifeguards, water safety instructors, and swim lessons. planning and developing courses, programs and services for supervising the pool, lifeguards, water safety instructors, and swim lessons. planning and developing courses, programs and services for youth and adults. participating in professional conferences, training programs, and continuing education as required. identifying local interests and needs for youth and adults. recruiting instructors and evaluating courses. instructing after-school enrichment courses for youth. education and training 1996 masters degree curriculum and instruction university of st. thomas city , state , usa curriculum and instruction 1992 bachelor of science art education k-12 st. cloud state university city , state , usa address ate university city , state , usa graduate level art courses university of minnesota city , state , usa certifications community education directors licensure mn teaching licensure in k-12 art education curriculum and instruction licensure community involvement age to age coordinator through the northland foundation. in 2013, i was asked to lead a community based group to find ways to bring youth and the elders of our community together. we have since started a community garden and are in the process of completing a historic walking tour of our town for all ages to enjoy. community cancer walk volunteer first lutheran church member volunteer red cross volunteer ice box days volunteer affiliations minnesota association of student councils masc minnesota community education association mcea national education association nea blandin foundation alumni northland foundation youth in philanthropy mentor and board member skills administrative, brochures, budgets, conferences, hiring, instructing, leadership, director, managing, marketing, meetings, motivating, organizing, recruiting, reporting, safety, supervising, training programs, workshops seminars