teacher facebook email email email professional summary highly motivated, teching professional with over 10 years of experience in a fast-paced consulting environment. extensive experience supporting young children and parents clients consultants in high-profile technology projects. exceptional analytical ability and talent for managing information. certified associate of applied science in early childhood education aas of ece certification. proficient in weekly educational project project communication project setup monitoring microsoft project microsoft office microsoft excel power point skills loves children adept at working with special needs children ms office proficient energetic caregiver 35 wpm typing speed home school educator powerpoint course planning multilingual in english and spanish performing artist bilingual in spanish emotionally supportive able to lift 40 pounds friendly and likeable art designer children project, children music finger play, flyers, webs ex  facebook dependable calm under pressure fast learner work history teacher 05 2008 to 07 2012 company name city , state teacher daycare, kid s imaginations advanced administrative and project support for younge children-level consultants for special holiday project, activities, music, art, langue arts. project coordination management led a project to streamline and reorganize sharepoint project management system, resulting in more accessible information and enhanced support for clients. coordinated project plan, scheduling and budgeting for small but high-profile project during project manager s absence. praised for initiative and problem-solving abilities. advanced administrative support prepared best-practice guidelines for archiving project documents. guidelines simplified document management process and were adopted company-wide conducted research and trained staff on new teachers assitant guiding the class rutine and activities for circle time. encouraged good behaviors using the positive reinforcement method. established a safe play environment for the children. instructed children on proper health and personal habits. organized and engaged in recreational activities such as games and puzzles. dressed infants and toddlers and changed their diapers. communicated openly with children s parents about daily activities and behaviors. continually kept abreast of toy and child-related recalls and safety warnings. meticulously sanitized toys and play equipment. made nutritious breakfasts, lunches, dinners and snacks for the children. teacher 03 2005 to 05 2007 company name city , state advanced administrative support to top class room executive in fast-paced training staff daycare. project coordination management coordinated the research in projects of activities for the client- child winning training proposals. streamlined proposal development process, resulting in significant time savings. created new client tracking system usining internet to fine activities. encouraged good behaviors using the positive reinforcement method. established a safe play environment for the children. organized and engaged in recreational activities such as games and puzzles. dressed infants and toddlers and changed their diapers. continually kept abreast of toy and child-related recalls and safety warnings. meticulously sanitized toys and play equipment. encouraged children to be understanding of and patient with others. allowed for ample outdoor recreation time. made nutritious breakfasts, lunches, dinners and snacks for the children. maintained a child-friendly environment with access to outdoor activities. engaged with children on an individual basis in a pleasant manner. teacher aid 07 2003 to 03 2005 company name city advanced administrative support to top class room. executive in fast-paced training staff daycare. consultants for special holiday project,. activities, music, art, langue arts. encouraged good behaviors using the positive reinforcement method. established a safe play environment for the children. organized and engaged in recreational activities such as games and puzzles. communicated openly with children s parents about daily activities and behaviors. meticulously sanitized toys and play equipment. encouraged children to be understanding of and patient with others. made nutritious breakfasts, lunches, dinners and snacks for the children. allowed for ample outdoor recreation time. education associate of applied science early childhood education 2012 st augustine college - city , state associate applying science applying science early childhood education aasece st augustine college 2012 skills administrative, administrative support, streamline, arts, art, budgeting, client, clients, document management, fast, problem-solving, project coordination, project management, proposals, proposal development, research, scheduling, teacher