--- Page 1 ---
TEACHER
Professional Summary
Microbiology with emphasis in foods, food protection specialist, Master of Science. Experience in university teaching in areas: Quality and
foodsafety, Food Microbiology, Microbial Toxicology, Environmental and Industrial Microbiology. Research Experience: Design of based
biodegradable packaging whey protein incorporated as controlling Lactic acid bacteria Listeria monocytogenes in smoked salmon applied.
CONYCIT project - D04i153 FONDEF, Chile. Antimicrobial films and lactic acid bacteria with potential use in the industry. Experience in
implementation of plans and programs and Safety management systems in food companies (GMP, HACCP) training and education to food
handlers. Internal Quality Auditor. Statistics management tools applied in the industry for quality control. Experience in application of lactic acid
bacteria (LAB) of interest to industry and application of bacteriocins in foods.
Core Qualifications
University Austral of Chile, Valdivia, Chile (2007-2008)
Master of Science mention microbiology
University of Pamplona, Pamplona, Colombia (2001- 2003)
Food protection specialist
University of Pamplona, Pamplona, Colombia (1992- 1999)
Microbiology emphasis in food
University of Santander UDES. Bucaramanga, time intensity (TH) 144 Hs.
(2010).
Graduate Training Competency Curriculum Development
Department
Industrial University of Santander. Colombia. TH: 120 hours. (2006).
Internal Quality Auditor diploma under the ISO 9001: 2000.
Experience
Teacher 01/2010 to 01/2015 Company Name City , State
Teacher. Department of Microbiology. Science Faculty. Pontificia Universidad Javeriana. 2010-2015. Bogotá, Colombia (currently).
Â
Teacher. Self Record qualified support and accreditation purposes of Industrial Microbiology and program monitoring industrial practices. UDES
University of Santander, Bucaramanga, Colombia January to July 2010.
Â
Teaching - Head of Microbiology Laboratory. Department of Biology. Faculty of Science and Engineering. University of Boyacá. Tunja,
Colombia. First half of 2009.
Â
Food service intervening in the XX Central American and Caribbean Games in Cartagena, Colombia. June and July 2006.
Â
Teacher. Department of Microbiology. School of Basic Sciences. University of Pamplona, Colombia. First half of 200o-2006
Â
Director Department of Microbiology with emphasis on food. School of Basic Sciences. Pamplona University, Pamplona. Academic first and
second half of 2005; and Teacher. Department of Microbiology with emphasis on food. School of Basic Sciences. University of Pamplona,
Colombia. Academic first and second half of 2005.
Education
High School Diploma : Micriobiology 2010-12-27 Universidad de Pamplona City , State , Colombia
Magister : Science - MicrobiologÃ​a 2008 Universidad Austral de Chile City , State , Chile
Master en Science menthion Microbiology University Austral of Chile, 2008
Professional Affiliations

--- Page 2 ---
Colombian Association of Science and Technology of Foods (ACTA)
Publications
Daniel Rubio, Gustavo Barbosa, Ana Karina Carrascal, Deyci Rodriguez. (2014). National Health profile of raw milk for direct human
consumption in Colombia. Ministry of Social Protection and Health, Colombia.
Â
Risk assessment of Listeria monocytogenes in meat products cooked in Colombia. D National Health Institute. Address (2014). Surveillance and
Risk Analysis in Public Health, Risk Analysis Branch immediate response and public health, Risk Assessment Group on Food Safety. Expert.
Currently in public consultation.
Â
Amortegui, J., Rodriguez, A. Rodriguez, D. Carrascal A., Meléndez, A., Almeciga, J., Sanchez, O. (2014)C. haracterization of new
bacteriocins from Lactobacillus plantarum LE5 and L24 isolated from ensilate corns. Vol. (172), Issue 7, pp
Â
Rodriguez D., Moreno, H. Orjuela, S. Lopez L. (2013). Use of antimicrobials films in the meat Factory. Porcicultura Colombiana. .Disponible en:
http://issuu.com/porcicol/docs/170
Â
Evaluation in vitro of antimicrobial film from protein isolated whey WPI against Listeria monocytogenes . Memories: 16th. World congress of
Food Science and Technology. XVII. Latin American Seminar OF Food Science and Technology, ALACCTA, IUFOST 2012. Available in:
http://iufost.org.br/sites/iufost.org.br/files/anais/index.htm#tema9Moreno B. H., Orjuela M. S., Sepúlveda, L. y Rodriguez C. D.
Â
Perfil de Riesgo Bacillus cereus en alimentos listos para consumo no industrializados. de Salud, Unidad de Evaluación de Riesgos para la
Inocuidad de Alimentos UERIA. Colombia. 2011.
Â
RodrÃguez. D. y Schöbitz R. (2009). PelÃcula antimicrobiana a base de proteÃna de suero lácteo, incorporada con bacterias lácticas como
controlador de Listeria monocytogenes , aplicada sobre salmón ahumado. Revista Biotecnológica en el Sector Agropecuario y Agroindustrial.
Universidad del Cauca, Facultad de Ciencias agrarias, ISSN. Vol. 7(2): 49 -54. Disponible en http://www.scielo.unal.edu.co/scielo.php?
script=sci_arttext&pid=S2009000200007&lng=es&nrm
Piñeros, O., Useche, Y., Rodriguez, D., Huertas, L., Castellanos, E., Peña, A., Benavides, Y., Botero, I. (2010). Evaluación de la calidad
microbiológica y parámetros fisicoquÃmicos del queso fresco (artesanal) distribuido en la ciudad de Tunja (Colombia). Revista Argentina de
MicrobiologÃa. Buenos Aires, Argentina. Vol.42 (2) 118pag. Comunicación en Congreso Disponible en
http://www.aam.org.ar/congreso/descarga/posters.pdf.
Â
Presentations
V Congresso de Microbiologia Industrial. Pontificia Universidad Javeriana. Ponente
Skills
MicrobiologÃ​a, Director General, Directora, Industrial, Jefe De Laboratorio, Acta, Bpm, Bpm (business Process Management), C, Carne De
Cerdo, Carne Porcina, Control De Calidad, Data Mining, Farmacéutica, Farmacéutico, Iso, Iso 9001, Manipuladores, Microbiologia,
Producción, Programación, QuÃ​mica, QuÃ​mico, Sas, Seguridad, ToxicologÃ​a, Tutor, Vigilancia