teacher professional summary exceptional special education professional seeking director position passionate educator who strongly believes that all students can achieve excellence. goal oriented scholar with excellent communication skills and proven ability in making connections and building rapport with school personnel, students, parents, interagency teams, and community organizations. strive to support and enhance the lives of the visually impaired community who is currently underserved. areas of excellence business human resource management special education laws data analysis interviewing staffing rti msdi school-wide pbs instruction planning employee development idea compliance budgeting instructional coaching progress monitoring scheduling pd facilitator documentation skills work history teacher 08 2017 to current company name city , state collaborate with professional staff to create comprehensive youth team goals and advocate for the needs of students with visual impairments. work with a team of low-vision specialists in organizing extracurricular youth activities and providing vision rehabilitation services. adapt teaching methods and materials to meet students varying needs and interests. active participant of iep teams to set and implement goals, monitor progress, set next steps, and maintain accurate and complete service records. encourage students with special academic and extracurricular interests to fully pursue passions. diligently completing coursework to add-on certification for teacher of the visually impaired tvi , and pursue professional development continually by attending educational conferences and teacher training workshops. instructed pre-employment transition services classes to high school students with exceptionalities in work based readiness and learning, job exploration counseling, self-advocacy, and post-secondary educational opportunities. special education coordinator 07 2016 to 12 2016 company name city , state supported teacher case managers by driving compliance under the guidelines of idea, guiding case analysis, and coaching special education staff to promote optimal, specialized instruction and planning. served as liaison with state officials and related community based organizations. met with parents and related personnel to resolve conflicts and concerns. facilitated professional development sessions to address front-line issues with both special education and general education teachers. propelled inclusive best practices through partnership with school leadership teams and by providing expert knowledge to improve overall student programs and services. maintained special education resources and schedules to target the needs of all students with disabilities. created and chaired the special education behavior intervention committee that collaboratively brainstormed and monitored behavior plans, enhanced school-wide positive behavior supports, tracked behavior incidents and truancy patterns, and conducted manifestation determination review mdr procedures. interviewed and staffed a fully functioning special education team of teachers and paraprofessionals. initiated and developed a much needed traditional resource classroom to provide the lowest performing students an avenue to achieve academic growth, which in turn decreased behavior incidences across the board. mentor teacher 08 2004 to 06 2016 company name city , state observed, evaluated, and coached many first year special education teachers on best practices of effective classroom management, instruction, and planning. taught new teachers many ways to differentiate instruction such as implementing student centers and shared learning activities, forming literacy circles, incorporating technology, and using assessment to guide instruction. assisted them in executing an effective behavioral model suited for their particular classroom and numerous ways to organize their physical space. notable achievements chosen by lae to be a trainer of new teachers in their facilitator program completed the aspiring leaders program with the school leadership center of greater new orleans coached teachers on de-escalation and restorative practices thus changing mindsets on behavior management. special education teacher 01 2004 to 01 2016 company name city , state resource and inclusion teacher company name city , state created a rigorous, specialized academic setting for students with various exceptionalities in a both the special education resource room and mainstream classroom settings utilizing data driven teaching methods. improved each student s functional needs, knowledge and behavior to meet the goals of their individualized education plan iep and conducted mini-workshops for all students who needed supplementary instruction. collaboratively taught entire regular and special education classes with multiple co-teachers. maintained documentation, data, and progress monitoring. notableachievements prepared students for standardized state tests with passing rates of 95 - 100 consecutively for a decade maintained one of the most revered classroom cultures that has continuously proven to turn-around the most challenging of behaviors. scored highly effective yearly on compass metrics every year of teaching earned a solid reputation for being one of the highest performing educators in the parish in student growth. educational strategist, rti coordinator 01 2011 to 01 2012 company name city , state served on the special education leadership team in the central office and supervised school-based interventionist. coordinated federal state mandated response to intervention process for the entire parish. conducted district-wide universal screenings and tracked student progress. scheduled and facilitated meetings with school-based interventionists to ensure consistency of district rti procedures. coached district personnel on how to intervene appropriately with at-risk students and advised on ways to integrate data-proven techniques and how to analyze data to drive instruction and improve student achievement. general education teacher 01 2003 to 01 2004 company name city , state taught in an isolated, minority, urban community and delivered instructional activities that encouraged. active learning experiences while effectively managing behavior and classroom organization. skills academic, avenue, coaching, documentation, driving, functional, instruction, leadership, managing, meetings, office, monitors, organizing, personnel, progress, rehabilitation services, teacher, teaching, trainer, vi, vision, workshops education masters administration and supervision 2008 our lady of holy cross college florida state university - city , state administration and supervision b.s human resource management human resource management