teacher assistant work history company name professional summary currently working towards my education career goals of obtaining my ba in psychology in order to demonstrate my passion working with elementary youth in a classroom setting. my goal is to diversify my educational experience to become a more proficient educator administrator. currently working towards my education career goals of obtaining my ba in psychology in order to demonstrate my passion working with elementary youth in a classroom setting. my goal is to diversify my educational experience to become a more proficient educator behavioural specialist currently working towards my education career goals of obtaining my ba in psychology in order to demonstrate my passion working with elementary youth in a classroom setting. my goal is to diversify my educational experience to become a more proficient educator behavioural specialist accomplishments improved reading lexile s in student which in turn helped student undergo reclassification. cpr aa, mandated reporting, incident reporting training certified. skills conducted peer council with youth assigned books based on reading level supported students with special needs engaged student with positive language instructed personalized lesson plans critiqued student project rather than correcting it addressed challenging student behavior developed strong problem-solving skills conducted peer council with youth to nature problem solving skills engaged student with positive verbal and body language assigned books based on reading level instructed personalized lesson plans based on classroom supported students with special needs by developing behavioral nature and interest and academic plans critiqued student project rather than correcting it conducted peer council with youth to nature problem solving skills engaged student with positive verbal and body language assigned books based on reading level instructed personalized lesson plans based on classroom supported students with special needs by developing behavioral nature and interest and academic plans critiqued student project rather than correcting it conducted peer council with youth to nature problem solving skills engaged student with positive verbal and body language assigned books based on reading level instructed personalized lesson plans based on classroom supported students with special needs by developing behavioral nature and interest and academic plans critiqued student project rather than correcting it work history teacher assistant , 01 2013 to 06 2016 company name city , state worked in cohorts with a team of t.a to provide classroom support with tier i and tier ii who were not at reading and writing criteria according to common core standards, to help them undergo reclassification. executive director assistant , company name city , state managed entire private school database and met weekly with administrators to obtain updated requirements for testing new potential el learner. provided logistical support for department director on every day to day office operations executive director assistant , 07 2013 to 07 2016 company name city , state managed entire private school database and met weekly with administrators to obtain updated requirements. for testing new potential el learner. attended classroom audits in classroom observations performed by el. specialist. as well as logistical support for our department director on every day to day operations. exl tutor ela academic tutor , 08 2017 to current company name city , state provided an enriched classroom environment to a class of 20 1st grade students during afterschool. supported students through homework, mathematics, reading, and enrichment activity tied to common core standards. exl tutor ela academic tutor , current company name city , state provided an enriched classroom environment to a class of 20 1st grade students during afterschool program while supported through homework, mathematics, reading, and enrichment activity tied to common core standards. exl tutor ela academic tutor , current company name city , state provided an enriched classroom environment to a class of 20 1st grade students during afterschool. supported students through homework, mathematics, reading, and enrichment activity tied to common core standards. exl tutor ela academic tutor , current company name city , state provided an enriched classroom environment to a class of 20 1st grade students during afterschool. supported students through homework, mathematics, reading, and enrichment activity tied to common core standards. education associate of arts psychology , address ate university, los angeles - city , state currently close to obtaining my b.a in psychology, intending on going to graduate school right after obtaining my bachelors associate of arts liberal arts , 2015 los angeles trade technical college - liberal arts skills council, database, lesson plans, director, mathematics, problem-solving skills, reading certifications cpr certificated american heart association mandated reporting certified