history teacher professional summary to be employed as an administrative assistant or similar role where my interpersonal communication, time management, problem resolution, and organizational skills will benefit the company. technically-adept [job title] with advanced knowledge of ms office suite and experience creating excel databases and powerpoint presentations. quality-focused [job title] committed to approaching administrative tasks with tenacity and attention to detail. experienced office manager with a strength in managing multiple projects simultaneously and fostering a cohesive staff. skills human resource laws knowledge appointment setting [number] wpm typing speed team building professional phone etiquette accounting familiarity excellent communication skills payroll database management invoice processing articulate and well-spoken conference planning customer service-oriented flexible works well under pressure accurate and detailed excellent planner and coordinator work history history teacher 08/2004 to 06/2005 company name – city , state instructed more than [number] middle school students through lectures, discussions, group activities and demonstrations. prepared daily lesson plans for activities. planned and supervised class projects, field trips and visits by guest speakers. established positive rapport with all students and parents through home calls, agenda book notes, email correspondence, and newsletters. integrated technology into the classroom as an instructional tool. communicated objectives for all lessons, units and projects to students and their parents. administered and graded tests and assignments to evaluate students' progress. identified signs of emotional or developmental problems in students. principal mrs. karen noble 08/2005 to 06/2007 company name – city , state instructed up to [number] students individually and in groups. set up lesson materials, bulletin board displays and demonstrations. promoted physical, mental and social development by implementing classroom games and outdoor recreational activities. adapted teaching methods and materials to meet students' varying needs and interests. met regularly with parents and guardians to discuss children's progress. observed and evaluated students' performance, behavior, social development and physical health. encouraged interactive learning by incorporating educational software and the internet. supervised an average of [number] students in classrooms, halls, cafeterias, schoolyards and on field trips. planned and implemented creative lessons in accordance with district, county, state and federal guidelines. completed and filed all necessary paperwork for classroom activities, including meal count sheets and attendance logs. created an enjoyable and interesting learning environment for [number] students each year. worked with other teachers and administrators to evaluate and revise elementary school programs. pursued professional development continually by attending educational conferences and teacher training workshops. fostered team collaboration between students through group projects. completed training courses to keep up-to-date with new teaching methods and developments in the field. preserved the confidentiality of student records and information at all times. took part in professional organizations and continuing education courses. created and taught engaging math lessons and activities. fostered oral language development and critical thinking skills during literary discussions. second grade teacher 08/2007 to 06/2010 company name – city , state instructed up to [number] students individually and in groups. set up lesson materials, bulletin board displays and demonstrations. promoted physical, mental and social development by implementing classroom games and outdoor recreational activities. adapted teaching methods and materials to meet students' varying needs and interests. met regularly with parents and guardians to discuss children's progress. observed and evaluated students' performance, behavior, social development and physical health. encouraged interactive learning by incorporating educational software and the internet. supervised an average of [number] students in classrooms, halls, cafeterias, schoolyards and on field trips. planned and implemented creative lessons in accordance with district, county, state and federal guidelines. completed and filed all necessary paperwork for classroom activities, including meal count sheets and attendance logs. created an enjoyable and interesting learning environment for [number] students each year. maintained accurate and complete records for [number] students. encouraged students with special academic interests to fully pursue those subjects. worked with other teachers and administrators to evaluate and revise elementary school programs. pursued professional development continually by attending educational conferences and teacher training workshops. fostered team collaboration between students through group projects. completed training courses to keep up-to-date with new teaching methods and developments in the field. assessed students' reading levels using dibels next and leveled reading passages. enforced the school's student discipline code to deal with problem situations. drafted lesson plans and submitted them for review and feedback in a timely manner. drafted lesson plans and submitted them for review and feedback in a timely manner. preserved the confidentiality of student records and information at all times. took part in professional organizations and continuing education courses. created and taught engaging math lessons and activities. designed and implemented a basic math program to be available to all students. developed students' computer and technology skills through demonstrations and practice. cooperated with parents to support students' learning and healthy development in school and at home. created a classroom environment in which children could learn respect for themselves and others. fostered oral language development and critical thinking skills during literary discussions. administrative assistant/sales representative 01/2014 to 08/2014 company name – city , state human resource responsibilities including interviewing, onboarding (gathering employment information, submitting background checks, in- house drug screening, i-9 verification, employment and education verification, and testing required skills) hiring, terminating employees, and submitting information for workman's compensation claims. accounting responsibilities including effectively handling payroll and invoicing issues, submitting bills to be paid, and issuing bill backs to companies. sales responsibilities including company research, sales calls, preparing business quotes, and meeting with potential clients. administrative responsibilities including frequent email and letter correspondence with clients and associates, answering phones, scheduling appointments and interviews, recording new orders, and sending invoices to clients. overview of educator responsibilities resolved employment-related disputes through proactive communication. organized and led a [number] -day staff orientation and training to promote collaboration. handled understaffing, disputes, terminating employees and administering disciplinary procedures. represented organization at personnel-related hearings and investigations. education bachelor of science : interdisciplinary studies(business, geology, and education) history, science, earth science, and elementary education 2003 lamar university beaumont - city , state gpa: gpa: 3.[address]udies (business, geology, and education)  history, science, earth science, and elementary education 3.7 â gpa coursework in business administration, communications and accounting microsoft office applications (excel, powerpoint, word) lamar university beaumont basic plus and exxon mobil site specific industrial safety training council texas property/casualty and life/health insurance licenses : recipient of [scholarship name] scholarship diploma : nederland high school - accomplishments administrative assistant/sales representative. manpower. certifications skills accounting, administrative, basic, billing, conferences, council, clients, customer service, data entry, editing, educator, email, filing, hiring, human resource, insurance, invoicing, math, meetings, excel, mail, microsoft office applications, powerpoint, word, organizing, payroll, presentations, progress, reading, record keeping, recording, researching, research, safety, sales, scheduling, seminars, teacher, telephone etiquette, answering phones, typing 60 wpm additional information educational accomplishments pictured in who's who of american college students elected into the honor society of phi educational accomplishments pictured in who's who of american college students elected into the honor society of phi kappa phi elected into the honor society of phi theta kappa (treasurer and recorder of meetings) doctor samuel evans award roy a. and marianella permenter scholarship robert rauschenburg scholarship