--- Page 1 ---
HYDROBLASTING TECHNICIAN 1
Career Objective
An enthusiastic, team oriented and polished professional seeking employment with a company that values a proactive attitude and solid ambition. I
am seeking a rewarding career allowing me to contribute to the growth of the company by increasing productivity and ensuring employer's key
objectives are met.
Summary of Skills
Carpentry Excellent Leadership skills
Building Maintenance Customer Service Oriented
Environmental Coordination Efficient Time Management
Adherence with all Safety Regulations Effective Problem Solving
Experience
Company Name June 2014 to Current Hydroblasting Technician 1
City , State
Properly operates hoses on vacuum trucks; hydroblasting guns; and manipulate controls on robotic equipment. Prepare jobsite for hydro
blasting. Monitor hydroblasting operations.
Perform job duties in a safe manner, in compliance with policies, procedures and practices. Wear personnel protective equipment (PPE) as
defined by state regulations.
Correct deficiencies that may cause accidents, injuries, lost productivity or harm to equipment or that are inconsistent with client's
requirements. Assist with hydroblasting and tank cleaning in various refineries.
Company Name November 2012 to June 2015 Construction Assistant
City , State
Performed prep work including masking, sanding and filling holes. Interior and exterior painting.
Built and placed plywood/wall systems; installed doors and windows.
Constructed concrete forms, poured concrete by pump and bucket barrowed or shoveled. Utilized jack hammers, compressors and power
tools for daily task.
Company Name June 2012 to Current Building Maintenance
City , State
Perform general building maintenance to include but not limited to the building grounds, landscaping as well as pressure washing.
Uses various hand and power tools to repair faucets, plumbing and lighting fixtures.
Respond quickly to emergency situations and customer concerns.
Education
Knowledge-First Empowerment Academy August 2016 High School Diploma : General Education
Certifications
Basic Plus Safety - July 2016
TWIC - April 2012
NCCER - June 2010