--- Page 1 ---
CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Summary
Energetic Construction Manager consistently involved in all facets of the project. Extremely knowledgeable in Pipe lines,  gas and oil
facility's and Mining industry regulations and construction, providing expert direction in all aspects of contract construction. Strong leadership
and communication skill. I am able to recognize problems and solve them and a full understanding the important of forming a strong relationship
with the owners and engineers for the good of the project and future work. I work close with the safety side of the projects with a understanding
how important safety is for the crew and the company.
Highlights
Strong management skills
Project budgeting
MSHA Certified
Scheduling
OSHA Certified
communication skills
Twic Certified
Able to form a strong and experienced team for all phases
Safety oriented
of the project
Specifications API 6A; 5L; 15D; 1104; 653 ASTM A36; A350;
Work close with the contractors
A694;392; AWS D1.!
Computer strong
Clear and strong Verbal skills
Very oriented and organized
Accomplishments
Managed $20m to 120m projects, while supervising a team of 40 to 265 workers. I have a proven record of safe job sites, I have the
ability to form a safe environment for our contractors and team safety is first. All jobs have come in on time and on budget.Â
1. Managed safe job sites.
2. Managed shut downs at Kennecott mine, Barrick Gold strike, GSL, all mining.
3. Managed several Tank farms API 650, 653, 620, 651,652
4. Managed Pipe line projects from start to finish.
5. Managed new facilities civil, pipe, structural, Tanks
?
?
?
Experience
Construction Manager
February 2014 to May 2016 Company Name - City , State
Responsibilities are Manage the construction of the API tanks and facility along with the pipe line from the port to the facility including all drilling
under the railway and inner coastal.
Port Hudson I managed the erecting of the API tanks and pipe line from the river to the tanks. Â
Managed 12 tanks being erected Port Hudson, Scenic, Port Allen
Construction manager
March 2008 to January 2014 Company Name - City , State
Kennecott Construction Manager for the Shut down installed solar turbine and Boiler to produce electricity.
Barrick Gold strike Construction manager of the 85 API tanks project and the structural, civil work
GSLÂ Managed the building of the pump stations 6 total
Denham mine A retired mine site back on line all new pipe lines and mechanics, shakers silos conveyer belts
Pacific Pipeline Fontana Ca,
?
?
Project manager / Construction Manager
January 2003 to January 2008 Company Name - City , State
Hatti - Managed the set up and all logistics to working over seas project 6 tanks and the facility pipe line and pump stations.
New Mexico- Pipe line 17 mile long into the existing facility and built new API tanks 4.
Wyoming Douglas, Pronghorn facility $ new tanks and all the facility pipe meter skids pump station rail way.
?
Education
High School Diploma : 12 Jones High - City , State , usa
26 years in the industry from the ground up and the last 15 years as a Project Construction Manager.
I learned the industry from the field and today I have 15 years of Managing the projects and a real good track record.
Skills
?
Strong Leadership, Strong Computer skills, Cost control, scheduling, managing a team, procurement, estimating, scheduling, coordinate and
manage staff meetings.  Very knowledge in the Pipe line, Tanks, Facilities, Mechanical, Civil, Instrumentation.

--- Page 2 ---
I have a strong understanding of safety requirements.
The one thing and most important I have the ability to understand how important it is to keep a strong relations ship with the owner and the
engineers of the project.
Thank you foryour consideration I look forward from hearing from you.