senior project manager professional summary ambitious construction executive experienced in commercial construction with over 30+ years of experience. proactive, resourceful and hardworking with strong follow-through. excellent problem-solving and time management abilities. skills advanced problem solving team buildingâ project planning and development negotiations expert finance and accounting strategic planning employee relations contract review and recommendations work history company name senior project manager | city , state | august 2017 - current opening of denver operations for mccauley constructors establishing protocols, procedures and reporting mechanisms for a satellite location procurement and management of teams to establish a stand-alone profit center act as the liaison with main company office representatives to provide information on activities of the satellite location actively project manage 3 to 5 projects in the $5 toâ​ $10 million range. monitored the market to capitalize on the latest trends. supervised the work of team members, offering constructive feedback on their work performance. monitored timelines and flagged potential issues to be addressed. collaborated with the pre-construction department to ensure accurate and complete project budgets. company name president | city , state | november 2010 - august 2017 qualified competitive subcontractor bids prior to execution of contracts. facilitated processing of rfi's, submittals and samples among the general contractor, the owner and the owner's consultants. educated general contractor personnel on the quality standards throughout the construction process. obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications from all of the construction administration consultants. reviewed and investigated proposed change order requests (pcor). stayed consistent with project schedules and plans for all ffe installations. submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract. assigned projects and tasks to employees based on their competencies and specialties. accurately provided status information on project progress to the project management. led and managed resolution of all issues during project construction and commissioning phases. led the planning, budgeting and direction of all construction projects. carefully coordinated plans and specs using marketing programming standards. company name senior project manager | city , state | january 2006 - november 2010 managed teams of on-site subcontractors on multiple sites simultaneously. acted as the liaison with company safety representatives to promote awareness and understanding of safety protocols. proficiently used the incident and issues tracking (iit) system to document all on site issues. directed all phases of commercial construction projects, from budgeting  to closeout. collaborated with the accounting department to implement electronic accounts payable system. company name president | city , state | january 2003 - december 2005 oversaw business-wide changes to modernize procedures and organization. developed program to promote new managers from within, leading to a cohesive leadership structure. obtained building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies. conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve critical issues. performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personnel. trained and promoted continued education for all onsite crew members.â company name project manager | city , state | april 1999 - december 2002 kept meticulous records of all costs and expenses and analyzed that data against the budget. managed between 10 to 20 projects per year. directed changes to the project scope and cost and implemented appropriate change management processes to keep the project on track. provided outstanding service to clients to not only maintain but to extend the relationship for future business opportunities. conducted meetings with clients to determine project intent, requirements and budgets. company name project manager | city , state | april 1997 - march 1999 conducted meetings with clients to determine project intent, requirements and budgets. conducted meetings with clients to determine project intent, requirements and budgets. maintained project schedules by managing timelines and making proactive adjustments. directed changes to the project scope and cost and implemented appropriate change management processes to keep the project on track. performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personnel. conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer's representatives. education masters of real estate & construction management construction management university of denver city , state | 1995 construction management bba business management east tennessee state university city , state | 1991 business management skills safety oversight, prime contract negotiations, budgeting, competitive contracts management, â marketing, microsoft office, microsoft project, pro core project management, personnel management, procurement, project management, systems protocols and  implementation and quality control. certifications leed ap icc class a licenseâ ashe (american society of health engineers)