construction administration and observation professional summary motivated construction manager highly effective at finding the best methods possible to complete exceptional construction projects. strong knowledge of civil engineering principles and concepts. skills osha certified excellent customer relations general contracting professional subcontractor management knowledgeable in construction safety best building practices interior and exterior renovation scaffolding fall protection plan fpp strong interpersonal skills design experience project scheduling building systems and services work history construction administration and observation , 05 2009 to 09 2014 company name city , state construction administration and observation. full project administration from planning to close out. duties include but are not limited to . project planning, documentation, submittal review, cost analysis, progress payments, quantity review, and project proposals, contract documents, project technical specifications, design criteria, etc. preliminary engineering reports, cost estimation, engineering reports, environmental analysis for project planning. mapping using arcgis, and autocad civil 3d 2013. observe and report progress on multiple projects, mainly with water, waste water, transportation, civil, parking lots, and landfill improvements. reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction. coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules. obtained building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies. conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve critical issues. performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personnel. conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer s representatives. worked with construction administration consultants to plan field observations on schedule. digitally archived weekly progress and technical knowledge base photographs of all assigned projects. prepared and followed through on all required punch lists. oversaw the entire building turnover process, while enhancing communication between all construction management. assisted the operations group with warranty service repairs. determined the project schedule, which included the sequence of all construction activities. prepared regular interval progress reports. guided and directed third-party inspectors through project construction, commissioning and closeout. avoided construction delays by efficiently following through with all site inspections in a timely manner. implemented systems to improve process efficiency and reduce the project duration. scheduled all contractors and materials deliveries. trained and promoted continued education for all onsite crew members. senior construction observer , 04 2008 to 04 2009 company name city , state observe and report progress on multiple projects dealing mainly with water and waste water, transportation, and civil improvements. duties include but not limited to be submittal review, cost analysis, progress payments, quantity review, field reports and photos. constructability review of design and base bid cost review, specifications analysis per type of project review. reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction. conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve critical issues. performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personnel. reported to the vice president of production on conformance with the contract schedule. conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer s representatives. worked with construction administration consultants to plan field observations on schedule. digitally archived weekly progress and technical knowledge base photographs of all assigned projects. prepared and followed through on all required punch lists. oversaw the entire building turnover process, while enhancing communication between all construction management. prepared regular interval progress reports. offered technical assistance to service providers. reported the quality of performance on site to all site construction managers. conducted routine quality audits to ensure that work was progressing per the specifications and initiated corrective actions. avoided construction delays by efficiently following through with all site inspections in a timely manner. process engineering assistant , 07 2006 to 03 2008 company name city , state observe and report data from pressure gauges for the emulsion and koch plants throughout the refinery. equipment operation in koch plant and around the refinery. field engineering supervisor , 12 2005 to 07 2006 company name city , state design and build tanks and water piping throughout the refinery. design build waste water piping, including manholes, force mains, and all appurtences. field engineer , 03 2005 to 12 2005 company name city , state project involved with was a 36 inch hdpe waste water improvement project in rio rancho, nm. the job consisted of ordering materials, cost analysis for project. data collection for placement of manholes and pipe, survey data collection for as-builds, supervisor of 35 employees including superintendant. construction observer i , 08 2004 to 07 2005 company name city , state mainly hired for construction observation for the san juan chama water project for the city of albuquerque. large diameter pipeline up to 72 inch ccp, crossing the rio grande river and tying into the west side from the processing plant near alexander blvd. i observed three different contractors at the same time, placing pipe 20-30 feet deep through residential neighborhoods and along main streets and laterals. observed the building of the dam along alameda blvd, down paseo del norte, to the processing plant and then pumped out to different areas of the city wells. owner operator , company name city , state dirt and utility contractor throughout the state of new mexico. projects consisted of building water and waste water pipelines, building pads, and roads. subcontracted to jaynes, gerald martin, blue sky builders, fhp, jg daniels just to name a few. education high school diploma 1984 del norte high school - city , state certificate of completion accounting , 1990 international business college - city , state continuing education in accounting associate of science cnm of new mexico - engineering skills 3d, accounting, autocad, cost analysis, data collection, documentation, grants, materials, progress, project planning, proposals, san, supervisor, transportation, type additional information gb address ate of new mexico