--- Page 1 ---
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSOCIATE II, CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
Professional Overview
Committed and motivated Administrative Assistant with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. Strong work ethic, professional
demeanor and great initiative. Â
Summary of Skills
Professional verbal and written communication Deadline-oriented
Type 80+ wpm Staff motivation
Strong analytical and organizational skills Time management
Excellent interpersonal skills Professional and mature
Professional phone manner and office etiquette Strong problem solver
Schedule management Resourceful
Self-starter Strong interpersonal skills
Employee training and development Understands grammar
Microsoft Office proficiency Proofreading
Meticulous attention to detail Mail management
Results-oriented Meeting planning
Self-directed Legal administrative support
Spreadsheet development Detailed meeting minutes
Work Experience
Administrative Associate II, Construction Management Department 09/2015 to Current Company Name City , State
•Provide administrative and secretarial support to the Department Chair, students, faculty, industry advisory board members, and the public.
•Supervision of Student Assistants and adviser to both grad students and assistants.
•Maintain documentations necessary to the Construction Management Department.
•Manage calls to the main departmental phone number.
•Maintain excellent customer service within the office for both students and parents.
•Establish rapport with business professionals, representing the department and KSU in a professional manner.
•Email, phone, staff/faculty and departmental communications, as well as contact with local public school educators and administration.
•Generate purchases and payments.
•Set-up courses and prerequisites in Banner, and help students at the time of registration.
•Assist project staff/faculty in preparation of institutes and workshops
•Manage supply inventory.
•Manage departmental records.
•Assist with technology.
•Assist in organizing special events as needed throughout the year, including annual fundraiser for the department.
•Manage Department Chair's calendar.
•Order catering needed for any departmental events or meetings.
•Create minutes and agendas for meetings.
•Utilize programs such as Works, Owl Express, Owl Pay, and SAS for procurement needs for the department.
•Organizes and submit payment requests to the SPSU Foundation via KSU.
•Maintain ongoing list of those with door passes for new KSU door swipe process for department.
•Provide information on the Construction Management program to prospective students and parents.
•Handle all correspondence for department chair.
•Assist faculty, students, and industry advisory board members to arrange internships and job placement.

--- Page 2 ---
•Budgeting, supply purchasing, meeting minutes, researching and reporting as directed by department chair.
•Travel arrangements for students, faculty and staff for competitions held throughout the year.
•Appointment setting for academic advising between faculty and students.
•Manage the department chair's calendar.
•Coordinate fund-raising events, including invitations, locations, menus, prizes, audio visual needs, thank you notes, and other details.
•Arrange work requests for Information Technology needs and other facility repairs.
•Provide typing and secretarial support to the department chair and faculty.
•Maintain filing system.
•Work with other departments in a cooperative manner.
•Hire and processes paperwork for student assistants.
•Coordinate departmental meetings; attend and prepare minutes for distribution.
•Maintain departmental files and documents including databases, part-time faculty, staff, administrative reports and departmental publications.
•Assist with all faculty job searches including making travel arrangements for applicants.
Design electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.
Serve as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.
Plan meetings and prepared conference rooms.
Write reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes.
Disperse incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the department.
Facilitate working relationships with co-tenants and building management.
Organize files, develop spreadsheets, fax reports and scan documents.
Manage the day-to-day calendar for the Department Chair.
Properly route agreements, contracts and invoices through the signature process.
Receive and distribute faxes and mail in a timely manner.
Receive and screen a high volume of internal and external communications, including email and mail.
Create and maintain spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists.
Draft meeting agendas, supply advance materials and execute follow-up for meetings and team conferences.
•Assist the Dean's secretary in collecting documents and signature for re-appointments, pre and post tenure, and tenure and promotion
reviews.
Office Manager 08/2014 to 04/2015 Company Name City , State
Generating updated property information utilizing documentation from field representatives.
Data Entry using AssessPro Software.
Discerning sketches and data from Data Collectors and determining accurate data for property cards for various townships and cities in
New England.
Managing shipment of period mail-outs to tax payers and assuring on-time shipments of documents.
Scheduling appointments for tax payers for Revaluation appointments in their home as well as informal hearings in the various municipalities
of Rhode Island.
Assuring the office is kept in a professional manner and organizing phone lists, supply requests and receiving shipments as necessary.
Receiving calls and assisting callers with questions or directing them to the appropriate party.
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.
Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Received and screened a high volume of internal and external communications, including email and mail.
Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.
Receptionist, Client Services, Tax/Lien Researcher 12/2012 to 08/2014 Company Name City , State
Facilitated working relationships with co-tenants and building management.
Supplied key cards and building access to employees and visitors.
Planned meetings and prepared conference rooms.
Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.

--- Page 3 ---
Shipping Coordinator 07/2010 to 08/2012 Company Name City , State
Processed Internet based orders for customers all over the United States and utilize Endicia for shipment.
processing.
Prepared and shipped large orders to stores in the US and Canada.
Kept shipping area organized for.
efficiency.
Ordered printing supplies as needed.
Solely responsible for daily outgoing shipments of all Internet.
based orders for this privately owned company.
Website and Social Media Manger 12/2009 to 07/2012 Company Name City , State
Manage the website for the Song of Atlanta Show chorus as well as their Facebook, MySpace, YouTube &.
LinkedIn social media sites.
Receptionist 10/2008 to 10/2009 Company Name City , State
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.
Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.
Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.
Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Facilitated working relationships with co-tenants and building management.
Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.
Received and distributed faxes and mail in a timely manner.
Administrative Assistant/Receptionist Morris/Hardwick/Schneider Post Closer 10/2005 to 10/2007 Company Name City , State
Began as the professional receptionist and was promoted to Disburser/Post Closer.
As Receptionist, duties included receiving all incoming calls and transferring appropriately, receiving guests and clients.
Maintaining lobby area and kept conference rooms in order.
As Disburser, disbursed all real estate closing files that have been closed in our office to include sending out checks, entering appropriate
information in our database, scanning files, putting files in appropriate record keeping order, using Softpro to track documents, and taking
care of post-closing requests.
I also was responsible for ordering supplies and organizing conference rooms for closings, notarizing documents, and working with
Managing attorney on any special office projects as needed.
Ascertained that all legal documents were properly signed & dated, scanned documents, shipped packets to appropriate parties, filed and
maintained paperwork, work with clients to retrieve important documents, admin duties as needed.
For more detailed information and additional work history including endorsements and recommendations, please visit my Professional LinkedIn
Page: www.linkedin.com/in/tammyammy.
Education
GED & Adult High School Diploma 1983 Dekalb Community College City , State , USA
Skills
Executive Management Support
Microsoft Outlook
Multi-Task Management
Organizational Skills
Telephone Skills
Time Management