area manager professional summary project manager and operations manager with a proven record of success in overseeing all phases of multi-million-dollar construction and infrastructure projects for government and private-sector clients. experience includes managing crews for utility infrastructure construction and improvements, preparing proposals, managing day-to-day business operations, leading in project risk management, and maintaining osha safety compliance standards. strong credentials and a proven history of on-time, on-budget, and high-quality project completion. recognized for project management know-how with a focus on completing projects on-time and under budget. recognized as troubleshooter and problem solver adept at conceptualizing implementing solutions to accomplish project goals quickly and efficiently with attention to continuous productivity improvements. demonstrated expertise in the following areas construction projects. infrastructure improvement projects. employee supervision. site safety osha compliance. qa qc field engineering. change order management. budgeting and cost controls. bidding estimating proposals. subcontractor crew supervision proficient in analyzing internal project controls and making recommendations for process improvements. adept at managing the array of administrative and financial responsibilities that large-scale projects require. accountable for daily reports that covers project status, responsibilities, and estimated time of project tasks. led major infrastructure improvements on the nation s communications infrastructure for a variety of clients, including major system operators for telephone and cable tv to ensure timely completion of projects. managed several multi-million optical network improvement projects for compliance with safety regulations and system mandates. recognized as a valuable project manager who aims to complete each and every assignment in an innovative, efficient, and cost-effective manner - striving for excellence in all aspects of project work and assignments. skills customer service staff development controlling costs talent review excellent communication skills strong work ethic employee relations technical aptitude motivated team player goal-oriented pos systems knowledge skilled problem solver opening and closing procedures work history 10 2014 to current area manager company name city , state resolved conflicts promptly to promote a positive environment for customers. transformed underperforming teams into productive, profitable teams. dedicated to expanding client bases by building lasting relationships. approached new tasks with enthusiasm and passion. actively pursued personal learning and development opportunities. strategically scheduled team members to maintain optimal staffing levels at all times. supervised 4 offices and 112 employees. improved the the wip and reduced the amount by 73 and brought in the wip to 30-60 days from 511 days. currently managing a 90 mil contract with a total of 4 locations. 01 2014 to current corporate senior safety manager company name city , state providing safety training for 15 offices in 5 states across the south east maintaining intelex data base for training and incidents purchasing of safety related equipment for offices investigations of workers comp claims, auto accidents, and general liability damages completion of jso s in the field to ensure crews are following company procedures. 01 2013 to 09 2014 director of projects company name city , state obtained documents, clearances, certificates and approvals from local, state and federal agencies. refined the projects that the company had that was is in jeopardy of loosing the contracts and bonds. worked with the inspection company to get approvals for work completed and to be able to invoice completed jobs. managed the customers issues to complete the time sensitive project within the contractal time lines to avoid ld s. trained field personnel regarding safety and time management. 01 2011 to 01 2013 construction manager company name city , state provided supervision and knowledge to crews building a fiber backbone for a co-op power company. maintained inventory and controlled costs regarding overtime, materials, fleet maintenance, and general office cost. demonstrated ability in leading crews within the rus usda sop and specifications. worked closely with the client to resolve issues and provide set time lines for completion to the customer as well as our corporate staff. managed multiple development projects by monitoring limited resources while completing projects on time. 01 2007 to 01 2011 operations manager owner company name city , state consistently led major infrastructure maintenance improvements on the nation s communications infrastructure for a variety of clients, which included major system operators and integrators for telephone and cable tv. provided full service project management solutions to major infrastructure firms in the management and supervision of assigned projects, as an extension of the client s team managed projects from kickoff to signoff. worked closely with construction management teams to provide detailed project plans for construction. 01 2006 to 01 2007 construction project manager company name city , state served as a short term contract manager managing all phases a fiber optic infrastructure upgrade, including day to day operations, office and staff management, project budgets, quality assurance and safety compliance. possessed the key ability to help build strong teams through excellent communication skills and leadership. prepared and maintained project-related documentation, to include quantities, materials, and payments. management recognized for project management ability and drive to work through issues for on-time completion. skills attention to detail with all things regarding budgets and p l statements. excellent communication with customers and non customers. employee and corp office relationship building. technical adversity and very comfortable with must pos systems and data bases. orical p6 scheduling and working knowledge of setting up schedules. education 2010 bachelor of science information technology university of phoenix - city , state information technology 2009 associates telecommunications university of phoenix - city , state telecommunications 2015 osha 510 the university of tennessee - knoxville - city , state professional development completed in safety. certifications osha 510 cpr adult child first responder certification