information technology student career overview results-driven database administrator with extensive education in programming, relational database management and computer technology maintenance. qualifications database servers strong collaborative skills structured query language sql expert strong analytical skills programming and design skills customer needs assessment document management excellent problem solving skills technical skills total last skills experience years used windows, unix, linux, mac osx, vmware, http apache, dns bind, ssh, snmp, dns, dhcp, intermediate 2 may 2016 ftp accomplishments customer service handled customers effectively by identifying needs, quickly gaining trust, approaching complex situations and resolving problems to maximize efficiency. data preparation prepared chain of custody packets for title sale reviews of procedures and fees services justification. administration performed administration tasks such as filing, developing spreadsheets, faxing reports, photocopying collateral and scanning documents for inter-departmental use. reporting maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for client projects. application design used object-oriented design programming to design new stand-alone application. planned, installed, configured, and monitored document management infrastructure. coordinated scheduled software and hardware patches, upgrades, and enhancements to platforms. collaborated with it teams to design and implement continuous process improvements to prevent production application incidents. work experience company name january address udent city , state presented various projects including vpn, rdms, and it proposals to several classes and instructors . worked independently and as part of a team to achieve most equitable outcome. company name september 2010 to october 2013 foreclosure processor paralegal city , state diligently reviewed the specialty loan portfolio for compliance with all reporting requirements. communicated regularly with management regarding portfolio performance and new loan transaction quality. maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information. scanned and filed forms, reports, correspondence and receipts. entered information into computer databases. reviewed files to check for complete and accurate information. examined deeds of trust to determine the grantor, grantee, trustee and loan amount. coordinated with multiple departments regarding responsive documents and document retention. researched bankruptcy loan files to confirm federal guideline compliance. supported a team of three attorneys with generating and filing of pleadings, motions and various court documents. company name february 2008 to may 2008 toefl tesl instructor city , state developed interesting course plans to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students. developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning mediums to increase student understanding of course materials. performed student background reviews to develop tailored lessons based on student needs. developed, administered and corrected tests and quizzes in a timely manner. combined discipline plan with effective measures and various lesson plans to increase concentration, participation, and progress student accountability. designed lesson plans focused on age and level-appropriate material. education and training san diego state university 2006 bachelor of arts english city , state , united states skills microsoft word, excel, access, sql server, vba, visual studio