information technology specialist iii drupal dev summary drupal developer with five years of experience in site building, and frontend and backend development. skills in theming, as well. driven to provide excellent service and high-quality coding to create secure and functional sites for clients. expert in drupal and up to date on the latest developments and versions. managed several projects for the nysed redesign project using both drupal address upal 8, including full drupal deployment services. earned the respect and the trust from both the nysed its and program office managements. core qualifications superior proficiency in high-level drupal address upal 8 development excellent proficiency in using drupal ajax and jquery in web development exceptional knowledge of drupal prior versions and upgrades extensive expertise with versioning management systems strong ability to manage multiple concurrent projects high problem solving and analytical skills technical skills programming and scripting languages c , java, javascript, php, python, ajax data-oriented languages and databases sql, pl sql, oracle database, dms ii, pl sql, jdbc markup and stylesheet languages html, html5, xhtml, css, and css3 methodologies uml, design patterns ide oracle jdeveloper, eclipse, bluej, jgrasp, microsoft visual studio framework middleware drupal, apache struts, apache, tomcat software applications ms office, oracle database server operating systems windows, os x, and unix automated testing tools selenium, behat experience information technology specialist iii drupal dev company name - city , state 08 2015 - current lead drupal developer for the nysed.gov redesign project. completely re-architecting the nysed.gov s website and content strategy. migrating all data, building and configuring the new site, and creating the custom responsive drupal theme. streamlining the authoring experience for content creators and auditors. designing, coding, architecting and testing various themes, modules and processes to extend drupal to meet the department needs. developing the nysed s drupal-based websites using html5 and css3. supervising the h-bits consultant and providing guidance according to the project plan. analyzing client request to develop, test, and deploy functional software requirements. providing support and assistance to webmasters to publish and update content to the nysed s websites. coordinating activities with its infrastructure support units related to the configuration of the nysed s websites, as well as the establishing and maintaining file access rights. executing tasks associated with generating website analytics. managing installation and ongoing support of search technologies used on the nysed websites. providing expert guidance to the nysed program offices and the webmasters related to the website accessibility standards and compliance. maintaining the nysed s existing websites using the dreamweaver and the contribute software. managing the unit in the absence of my unit supervisor. providing weekly status reports, statistics and recommendation to the upper management as needed. communicating clearly both verbally and in writing with management and customers. documenting drupal architecture solutions. information technology specialist ii company name - city , state 09 2013 - 08 2015 developed and maintained it systems written in linc, cobol, java, struts, pl sql, and xml. analyzed and developed complex business intelligence reports to meet the needs of internal and external stakeholders. collaborated with program office members to identify their business process requirements. worked as a member of the application development team to build it solutions that address the program office needs. developed and executed test plans, troubleshoot and debug system application code. assured systems and procedures are appropriately documented, meeting department standards, and following generally accepted it practices. intern application developer company name - city , state 01 2013 - 06 2013 maintained the support system to provide services to the clients. developed program logic for new applications, analyzed and modified logic in existing applications provided technical solutions for any applications issues. developed software system testing and validation procedures, programming and documentation. tested edi and other application systems performed data validation by executing complex sql queries. intern ios developer company name - city , state 08 2012 - 12 2012 designed and built applications for the ios platform. ensured the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications. collaborated with a team to define, design, and ship new features. identified and corrected bottlenecks and fixed bugs maintained code quality, organization, and atomization. assistant store supervisor company name - city , state 02 2010 - 09 2013 supervisor of footwear department company name - city , state 02 2008 - 12 2009 professional development city college of new york of the city university of new york, the - - city , state , united states 2013 bachelor of science computer science volunteer experience employees association               05 2016 present it chair of the it committee board create and maintain the website along with the other committee members. train and educate about latest technology tools to the fellow team members. organize the weekly meetings and engage in different task-oriented activities. encourage the other board members to collaborate and share their expertise.