information technology specialist professional summary experienced network professional with outstanding success rate at installing and supporting critical, multi-site networks. proven ability to manage all phases of network installation and administration. adept at analyzing business requirements and crafting technical network solutions. possess excellent written and verbal communication skills and knowledge of the latest advances in technology. network administrator talented at resolving highly technical issues efficiently to maintain uptime and increase productivity levels. skills remote access support systems analysis superb interpersonal skills preventative maintenance expert antivirus and spam blocking data backup and recovery systems vpn configurations wireless access point lan and wan expertise performance testing user account creation work history information technology specialist , 08/2012 to current company name – city , state provides outstanding support to mission partners and other customers. responds to customer calls and touch labor requests. ensures the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems and data available on the lan. troubleshoots hardware and software components and manages the testing, installation and configuration of software. performs daily security inspections of entire decc facility to include all secured and controlled areas. identifies and mitigates all security vulnerabilities and coordinates with security manager. coordinates with, and escorts all decc visitors in secure areas and ensures only authorized personnel and equipment are permitted in controlled/ secure areas. enclave lan administrator for decc warner robins. ensures all administrative lan and automated data processing equipment used by personnel is maintained and fully operational. plans and coordinates the installation of new software and network infrastructure equipment. monitors network performance and performs diagnostics to identify and resolve connectivity issues. appointed alternate ticket manager. assigns and track incident status. ensure all incidents are being worked and are completed within the allotted time. escalates and forward all incidents for further evaluation if needed. implemented and coordinated a complete technology refresh of decc adpe. ensuring all staff was properly equipped to support the decc mission. spearheaded the decc's migration from the admin enclave network over to the disanet network with minimal impact to decc personnel. provides outstanding support to mission partners and other customers. develops plans and designs for network modifications and enhancements interfaces with vendors to ensure appropriate resolution during network outages or periods of reduced performance. troubleshot and maintained all networking devices and infrastructure across the enterprise including switches, routers and firewalls. troubleshot and maintained all networking devices and infrastructure across the enterprise including switches, routers and firewalls. documented all server and network problems and other unusual events in detail. upgraded and expanded network systems and their components. computer systems administrator , 12/2007 to 08/2012 company name – city , state deploys computer systems and other hardware throughout the base. performs new and replacement desktop and laptop imaging for users. troubleshoot and correct local desktop firewall issues, and antivirus updating issues. performs upgrades, installation of software and drivers, and essential desktop troubleshooting. team lead on deployment of over 150 siprnet workstations. tasked primary administrator for all siprnet support in zone. performed security scans on classified systems and collaborated with the information assurance team to mitigate vulnerabilities and breaches. install and configure hardware/software to meet end-user needs. poc for all installs and upgrades of the cargo management operations system. provide desktop support and uses various utilities to trouble-shoot, repair, and check configuration of desktops. install and configure network and pc attached printers to include brother, hewlett-packard and xerox multifunction printers. troubleshoot/diagnose end-user network connectivity and bandwidth issues, and dhcp scope issues. diagnose and correct workstation performance issues. maintain network and computer system security and ensure that all systems are operating correctly. imaged and deployed over 300 laptop and desktops for customers throughout robins afb. restored data, operating systems, files, documents and drivers. information assurance/network security , 01/2006 to 12/2007 company name – city , state in-depth experience in multiple environments developing, implementing, and maintaining secure networks. duties ranged from installing and maintaining workstations to managing base boundary exception system. distributed, monitored, and maintained time compliance network orders, threat bulletins, and advisories generated by the af computer emergency response team. responsibilities/accomplishments helpdesk technician , 05/2004 to 01/2006 company name – city , state responsibilities included working with end users to resolve issues relating to operating system issues (win9x, nt, and win 2000), network connectivity, tcp/ip configuration, upgrades, ms office products and internet connectivity. responded to customer issues, provided technical support, and monitored network control center system supporting 25,000 customers. created/maintained user accounts, email boxes, distribution lists, and access permissions. installed programs, performed upgrades, and applied security patches as necessary. isolated faults and degradations to determine cause. maintained security and integrity of secure domains from unauthorized access. education bachelor of science : computer information systems , 2002 jacksonville university - city , state computer information systems certifications comptia a+ comptia security+ sti certified help desk professional skills a+, active directory, administrative, antivirus, c, client and server, compaq, hardware, client, data processing, dell servers, desktops, dhcp, documentation, drivers, email, firewall, ghost, help desk, hewlett-packard, ibm, imaging, information systems, internet connectivity, lan, team lead, managing, mcafee, access, microsoft exchange, ms office products, microsoft office suite, windows 7, win9, windows 2000, 2000, win 2000, windows 95, 98, nt, windows nt, migration, monitors, enterprise, network administration, network security, network, networking, networks, norton antivirus, operating systems, operating system, peripherals, personnel, policies, printers, various printers, processes, risk management, routers, switches, symantec, tcp/ip, technical support, desktop support, troubleshoot, trouble-shoot, troubleshooting, upgrades, utilities, vista additional information security clearance tsci - top secret security clearance