staff assistant professional summary highly organized and detail-oriented staff assistant with more than 14 years experience supplying thorough, organized administrative support to10 senior executives. skills 75 wpm typing speed advanced clerical knowledge excellent communication skills hipaa compliance articulate and well-spoken advanced clerical knowledge accurate and detailed works well under pressure work history staff assistant 08 2007 to current company name city , state currently working at the office of information technology. responsible for providing support to richard biever, ciso and his staff. primary duties include calendaring and scheduling responsibilities using dcal, lotus notes or shared calendaring systems, including scheduling multiple complex meetings in separate calendaring products for various staff members concurrently telephone screening triage which involves interviewing callers, answering questions concerning departmental or divisional activities, transmitting instructions and or information to and from staff members, making proper referrals as necessary preparing materials and making arrangements for conferences and travel, including preparing travel expense summaries and reconciliations preparing necessary documents for supervisor s use in meetings attending meetings to take minutes coordinating monthly staff leave reports clearing procurement cards receipts in paris serving as liaison with external vendors and oit constituents support audio visual capable conferences and meetings by training users and providing assistance with a v electronics operation. backup duties include ordering and managing inventory of office, conference room and break room supplies as needed distributing departmental mail providing coverage for the atc reception desk, including lunches, breaks and scheduled and unscheduled absences of the oit receptionist secondary duties include screening avp s, directors and or managers mail and documents as requested, determining relevance, prioritization, etc., based on content of communication and knowledge of departmental programs and activities and organizing and maintaining divisional or departmental files. use of computer, copier, fax and multi-line telephone. planned and coordinated logistics and materials for board meetings, committee meetings and staff events. created detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures. ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget. coordinated domestic and international travel arrangements, including booking airfare, hotel and transportation. managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep. directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services. answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages. opened and properly distributed incoming mail. greeted numerous visitors, including vips, vendors and interview candidates. helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office. assisted with event planning, including associated travel and logistical arrangements. assessed urgency and priorities before accepting or declining appointments and meetings with the ceo. screened all visitors and directed them to the correct employee or office. obtained signatures for financial documents and internal and external invoices. coordinated, scheduled and arranged meeting and travel calendars, including business and social events. coordinated board and committee meetings, including schedules and information preparation and distribution. receptionist 09 2006 to 08 2007 company name responsible for answering and directing incoming calls, disbursing parking passes and visitor s badges, greeting visitors, accepting and disbursing incoming packages, leave tracking, maintaining telephone directory, and providing support to staff assistants. use of computer, copier, fax and multi-line telephone. deputy clerk employed ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget. managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep. directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services. answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages. opened and properly distributed incoming mail. greeted numerous visitors, including vips, vendors and interview candidates. maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas. legal secretary 01 2000 to 01 2003 company name city , state responsible for preparation of court motions and orders, customer service,. billing accounting and extensive communications with the courts and other law offices. answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages. greeted numerous visitors, including vips, vendors and interview candidates. screened all visitors and directed them to the correct employee or office. obtained signatures for financial documents and internal and external invoices. deputy clerk 2003 to 2006 company name city , state responsible for the filing, preparation and maintenance of court files. completing and filing warrant in debts 300 per month , completing and filing garnishments 150 per month , collecting court fines and costs, data entry 70 wpm and court room support to the judge. use of multi-line telephone, fax, copier and computer court system. legal secretary. obtained signatures for financial documents and internal and external invoices. coordinated board and committee meetings, including schedules and information preparation and distribution. planned and coordinated logistics and materials for board meetings, committee meetings and staff events. education associate of arts general studies 1 2000 southwest virginia community college - city , state general studies course work in finance course work in administration skills accounting, audio, backup, billing, conferences, content, customer service experience, customer service, data entry, data entry, directing, electronics, fax, filing, information technology, inventory, law, legal, lotus notes, managing, materials, meetings, excel, exchange, mail, office, microsoft word, multi-line telephone, multi-tasking, organizing, copier, procurement, receptionist, reception, scheduling, supervisor, telephone, 70 wpm additional information letter of recommendation available upon request.