--- Page 1 ---
SENIOR DIRECTOR, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Executive Profile
A distinguish Director of Information technology with expertise in diverse range of industries within multiple industries settings globally.
Demonstrated success in Network design and management, Enterprise Resource Planning implementation and management, Cloud Technologies
and Internet Technologies. Well Organized, results oriented individual with proven ability to implement standards, processes and procedures the
improve business functionality. Solid management skills, capable of building, leading and motivating individuals to maximize productivity while
forming cohesive team environments. Exceptional communicator focused on building strong client relationships.
Skill Highlights
Small business development
Project management
Enterprise platforms
Leadership/communication skills
Forecasting specialist
Business operations organization
Knowledge of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)
Client account management
Hardware and software upgrade planning
Negotiations expert
Product requirements documentation
Budgeting expertise
Self-directed
Employee relations
Scrum methodology
Self-motivated
Performance criteria tracking
Collaborative
DecisiveÂ
Core Accomplishments
Saved more than $ 10 million amortized over 3 years by using cloud technologies instead of buying new infrastructure hardware to upgrade
infrastructure for Weston Educational Group.
​
Directed the implementation of a new Student Information System and Customer Relations Management system for 2 colleges. Both projects
were completed on-time and under budget.
Increased core system availability to 99.999 % by developing standards and architectural governance and implementing best practices.
Led a successful implementation and integration of an acquired college into the Weston Educational Group. Project was completed a month
ahead of schedule and under budget.
Reduced the incidence of IT issues by 50 % globally by using visualization tools such as Tableau and DOMOÂ to identify trends in support tickets
which resulted in more training to address root causes.
Operations Management:
Managed all technologies at 10 campuses spread from Florida to California for Weston Educational Group . These technologies were used
by students, faculty, campus administration and corporate office staff and executives.Â
I oversaw all day to day operations of the Information Technology department of Weston Educational Group.
Staff Development:
At Weston, restructured the team to a smaller more flexible team and used outsourced resources for more specialized functions. This
resulted in a 60% reduction in payroll expense Â
At American Career College and West Coast University, I mentored and coached employees resulting in no staff turnover and also been
recognized as one of the best Business Analyst team in Campus Management Corporation implemented sites globally.
At BatchMaster Software, I launched a new consultant group to implement a manufacturing based ERP system using the rapid
implementation module I devised. This increased successful implementation by 80% and reduced implementation time to 4 weeks.
At BatchMaster Software, I also implemented a support team in India that provided post implementation support based on new policies and
procedures I created. Customer satisfaction increased by 75%.
I was voted the employee of the year in 2010 out of over a thousand employees for outstanding contributions and going above and beyond.
Presented at industry conferences every year starting from 2012 on integrated solutions and automations tools to help improve efficiency and data
integrity.
Professional Experience
02/2015 to 11/2016
Senior Director, Information Technology Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Weston Educational Group Inc, is a private post-secondary institution focused on the Allied Health and Personal Wellness sector. It has 3 major
brands with campuses spread from Florida through to California. As the Senior Director, I oversaw the day to day operations of all aspects of
technology. This included a student and faculty portal that needed to be support 24/7, a Student Information System (SIS) that was used to
manage all aspects of the student matriculation from a lead, through financial aid to academics, student services and career services.
​
Spearheaded phone system migration to the cloud , resulting in a 99.999 % uptime in the phone system. It also reduced the maintenance cost that
comes with an outdated system to $0 and allowed us to manage the system remotely.
Accountable for Information Technology  (IT) including overall customer satisfaction.
Managed team of 6 IT  professionals. I restructured the department and reduced the team to 6 generalized IT personal and outsourced
functions that required specialized functions. This reduced payroll expense by 60%.
Spearheaded cross-functional initiative to achieve a smooth integration of Missouri College after it was acquired into the Weston Education Group
.

--- Page 2 ---
Strengthened company's business by leading implementation of industry leading SIS for the management of the campuses and CRM for
admissions.
Negotiated a new contracts with vendors to reduce prices by as much as 28%.
Developed and launched regular training sessions to help associates with most common reported issues. Used DOMO to visualize trends in
support cases and then developed training materials on the most common reported issues.
Instituted a new web based support ticketing system which allowed students, faculty and staff members to generate tickets requesting for help.
Prior to this system only staff members could generate support tickets on an internal system. The new system had rules incorporated which auto
routed tickets based on the characteristics selected.
Recommended and implemented all of the enterprise applications onto the cloud. This saved the organization $10 million amortized over 3 years if
we were to have upgraded the infrastructure in-house to accommodate the new enterprise applications.
Launched the migration of the staff and faculty to Office 365 (Microsoft's cloud version of office) after migrating the students. This enabled every
user to have access to the latest version of the complete Office suite and  One-drive for individual file storage. From a system point of view, the
enterprise has access to the latest versions of systems from Microsoft plus an infinite access to Microsoft resources to support the infrastructure.
07/2009 to 02/2015
Senior Manager, Student Information System Company Name ï¼​ City , State
American Career College and West Coast University is a private post-secondary institution that trains students in the Allied Health sector with
annual revenue of over $300 million. Oversaw the Student Information System for both brands which had a student portal, faculty portal and
several integrations into other systems such as a CRM system and internal applications developed on SharePoint platform.
​
​Hired and managed a team of Business Analysts and support engineers to support the Student Information System (SIS).Â
​
Developed business processes and Service Level Agreements used by the business analysts and support engineers.
​
Oversaw an off-shore development team in India to develop innovative solutions on SharePoint platform integrated into the SIS as a means of
adding automation to enhance productivity and data validation.
​
Managed the relationships with vendors associated with the student information system.
​
Started with the organization as an IT Manager and led the team to stabilize the environment.
​
Collaborated with the HR department to develop on-board training on systems. This increased the ROI on new associated from day 1Â and
reduced the number of support tickets from new associates.
​
I was a key member in the process of planning and moving from a small server room to AT&T collocated datacenter.
​
I advised in the development and relocation of two of the West Coast campuses.
01/2005 to 08/2009
President Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Aldreteem Inc was created to support small to mid-sized organizations that wanted to implement Enterprise Resource Planning systems but did not
have the resources to manage the system in-house.
Accountable for the entire business  including overall customer satisfaction and profitability.
Created new revenue streams through by partnering with other ERP vendors that did not have our expertise to deploy solutions on Sage, SAP,
Great Plains and Epicor.
Generated new business by signing a national agreement with a leading national hospitality company to manage their ERP system and provide
auxiliary IT services.
Strengthened company's business by leading implementation of all projects.
03/2001 to 12/2004

--- Page 3 ---
Director, Client Services Company Name ï¼​ City , State
BatchMaster Software Inc develops an Enterprise Resource Planning system for the process manufacturing industries integrated into Sage
Platinum, SAP Business One and Microsoft Great Plains. Prior to joining eWorkPlace, their solution was deployed through a network of resellers
who did the implementation and primary support. I created new revenue streams for both parties by creating the Client Services group where the
resellers focused on client relationships and sales. They could resell our services.
​
Increased revenue by 60% through the creation of the client services department. The department performed implementations and support.
Created the Rapid implementation process where we reduced the implementation from months to 4 weeks.
Strengthened company's business by initiating and leading the development of the relationship with SAP.
Spearheaded the implementation of an off-shore support team to support customers post implementation. Customers found the team helpful with
upgrades and update and well as phone support software maintenance renewal increased by 80%.
Created and spearheaded the customer satisfaction survey , resulting in a 45 % increase in customer satisfaction which resulted in customers
renewing their yearly software maintenance which increased revenue.
Education
2010
Business Administration Walden University ï¼​ City , State , USA
3.85 Â GPA
Minor in Leadership
Bachelor of Science : Information and Business Systems Technology University of Essex ï¼​ City , State , UK
Member of the world famous Essex University Afro-Carib  Club
Played soccer for the University
Skills
Enterprise Resource Planning Systems
Education Software: Campus Nexus Student, Student and Faculty portal
Accounting Systems: Sage Platinum, Microsoft Great Plains, AccountMate, SAP Business OneÂ
Learning Management Systems: Dialoge EDU; eCollege; Moodle Rooms
Manufacturing Systems: BatchMaster
Customer Relationship Management Systems: Microsoft Great Plains CRM, Campus Nexus CRM,
Enterprise BackOffice Systems
Microsoft Server
Microsoft SQL server
Microsoft Exchange
Microsoft SharePoint
Linux
Storage Area Network
Active Directory
Microsoft Terminal Services
Microsoft Remote desktop Services
CitrixÂ
Network Devices and Monitoring Tools
Juniper switches, routers and firewalls
Netgear switches, routers and firewalls
CISCO switches, routers and firewalls
Solarwinds network monitoring tools
Sophos Unified Threat Management
IDERA SQL Management
WebSense
Virtual System
VMWare
HyperV
Cloud based phone systems
Cloud based storage and backup
Cloud Technologies
Amazon Web Services

--- Page 4 ---
Microsoft Azure and O365
Miscellaneous Applications and Desktop Applications
Microsoft Office suite
Sophos Anti-Virus
Sophos Mobile Device Management
DeepFreeze Desktop management