information technology summary dedicated information assurance professional well-versed in analyzing and mitigating risk and finding cost-effective solutions. excels at boosting performance and productivity by establishing realistic goals and enforcing deadlines. versatile it professional with 37 years of enterprise design and engineering methodology. skills enterprise platforms knowledge of product lifecycle management plm information assurance project tracking risk management framework rmf hardware and software upgrade planning active directory design and deployment product requirements documentation workstation build and deployment self-directed systems accreditation packages ms visio red hat enterprise linux installation and hardening decisive network design troubleshooting collaborative high performance computing domain active directory layout data storage engineering experience company name city , state information technology 02 2011 to current i was hired to manage accreditation efforts for a major department modernization project involving 3 accreditation packages each leading to successful authorization to operate decisions. responsibilities then increased to include all departmental accreditation efforts leading to another 3 successful atos. now, working on 4 new accreditation including re-authorization for an existing project. succeeded in writing and implementing vulnerability management for existing accredited systems. success of the accreditation hinged on coordination with oni enterprise in critical design decisions and to help the program integrate smoothly into the enterprise thru many meetings, analyzing the enterprise business model to understand the best fit for the program. the different projects required careful management of specific stig compliance and hardening for the different configurations and services required for the specific domain to be integrated. analyzed complex computer systems to assess vulnerability and risk. supervised 5 external computer consultants and vendors. managed application patches, data backup, security changes and network configuration. company name city , state systems engineer 02 2006 to 02 2011 i was hired to initiate processing strategies in fulfilling department analyst requirements. requirements were fulfilled thru i dentifying product problems and strengths and collected data on customer experience and review of enterprise compliance to transition to new technology for supporting new processing needs thru proper processing power. the next challenge came as storage requirements for better performance and more controlled uses. after careful study of local infrastructure design, a local storage with off the shelf solutions was adopted to grow local storage to over 200tb. in using this solution, the department saved just over a million dollars in purchasing and maintenance costs compared to the alternative. next came requirements to improve processing of future big data formats fulfilled in a red hat linux high compute cluster i designed, purchased and accredited for operation in the enterprise. improvement on big data analytical processing reduced time from 30 hours to 30 minutes as well as allow for more robust data thru higher selections of sensors, frequencies and range than allowed thru the traditional process. company name city , state senior systems analyst 02 1999 to 02 2006 i was hired to improve corporate and client communications and processing requirements which resulted in the design, build and deployment of 3 enterprise network solutions. one solution resulted in expanding capabilities to supporting washington navy yard, norfolk virginia and hawaii support facilities. fulfilled requirements for detecting crucial network software hardware weaknesses and developing preventive strategies and solutions for avoiding interruptions and increasing system security thru documenting system layouts, wiring diagrams and addressing schema to understand layouts and make informed solutions to upper management. education and training associate of science electronic engineering 1980 florence darlington technical school , city , state electronic engineering. dean s list for high gpa. class president for second year skills active directory hardware engineering information technology red hat enterprise linux servers ms windows servers ms windows desktop network design troubleshooting architectural diagrams accreditation boundarys risk management enterprise strategies vendor relations desktop publishing software photoshop, illustrator, html team work collaboration