engineering associate profile team-oriented engineering associate with over 8 years experience designing, developing, maintaining, and testing electro-mechanical systems. skills electro-mechanical design jmp microsoft visual basic microsoft excel vision system programming microsoft power point electronic computer systems microsoft visio engineering software six sigma 5x methodology strong presentation skills adaptable process improvement electrical troubleshooting tools team player ability to read schematics mechanical design/implementation ability to write and read wiring diagram accomplishments bronze medal in skills usa for robotics and automation statistical analysis performed data collection and statistical analysis that resulted in sound recommendations that were adopted by department. product improvement worked with r&d and lob to modify and improve overall product performance. eliminated machine defects through recommendation of machine adjustments. testing, evaluation and analysis: tested equipment to ensure compliance. analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment. autocad software utilization helped produced drawings and maintained, archived and retrieved cad files and drawing documents for the completion of four commercial projects. presentations created presentation to idexx technical review board for product changes and improvements produced training power points to train field support project management lead and leadership rolls in multiple 5x projects on multiple instrument platforms lead on multiple product changes and obsolesces of products managed internal and supplier efforts in product defects and resolutions keep tight project road maps including schedualing and status updates on projects customer interface meet with customers to help relieve customer dissatisfaction, gain more knowledge of products used in the field, help provide system reliability and performance. perform site servays in reguards with electrical compentency. new product development lead product support engineer full x-ray product line designed and developed and sourced elitevison protective cover. professional experience engineering associate 05/2008 to current company name city , state started as an instrument tech on the manufacturing floor responsible for building and servicing catalyst dx. worked as a stand in technical lead for a few months. moved to catalyst pilot line in 2011. was responsible for lab maintenance, instrument software testing, validation of new components, and extended instrument field fail triage. in the fall of 2013 i started working under an engineer for the digital radiography department. i am responsible for product reliability, product improvement and npd qualification including writing test protocols, test execution, reporting findings. other responsibilities include esd implementation and testing, lab maintenance and management. i work with suppliers and customers on a regular basis. i work in a large cross functional group daily. i am considered a hardware subject matter expert for all cr and dr instruments at idexx. i am familiar with the software and system integration. i have had the opportunity to design multiple components and test fixtures from electrical test boxes to metal inspection jugs and composite protective covers. in addition, i am responsible for all obsolesces and validation testing. in addition, i train all new personal on equipment and filed servicing systems, including software, mechanical, and electrical ac/ dc troubleshooting. in this position i oversee work from technicians and interns working on and assisting with various projects. electrical technician and mechanist 02/2007 to 03/2008 company name city , state resolved part and assembly discrepancies.collaborated with engineers and project managers regarding design parameters for client projects.designed brackets and custom frame work for automated machines. prepared accurate specifications for purchase of materials and equipment for purchasing department.debugged and troubleshot complex analog, digital, and rf circuits. worked with and troubleshooted programmable logic controllers (plc) and assembly lines to maintain productivity.on the automated machinery at customer sites. assembled complex electrical circuits both ac and dc. 04/2006 to 08/2009 company name city , state worked in multiple departments to provide quality care for patients. maintained medical records, worked with families to. provide quality care. education and training associate of applied science smcc south city , state , us i studied at smcc in 2007-2008 towards a degree in applied science in the field of electronics. drafting and design yccc wells, me, us studied cad and drafting in the engineering design program currently working with yccc and usm in industrial management- consideration in electro-mechanical systems : mechanical engineering 2015 mechanical engineering personal information idexx laboratories westbrook, me, us skills cad, hardware, client, dc, drafting, electronics, engineer, engineering design, frame, functional, inspection, logic, machinery, materials, mechanical, mechanical design, microsoft excel, microsoft power point, microsoft visio, plc, presentation skills, process improvement, product improvement, programming, project management, protocols, purchasing, quality, radiography, read, reporting, scheduling, schematics, six sigma 5, software testing, system integration, team player, triage, troubleshooting, validation, vision, microsoft visual basic, wiring diagram additional information idexx laboratories westbrook, me, us 4 week long training for six sigma 5x technical problem solving methodology gd&t 2015 tech-ese portland , me, us geometric dimension and tolerance week long training high school 2007 sanford high school sanford, me, us graduated with honors electronics 2007 sanford regional vocational center sanford, me, us graduated the vocational electronics program and was a member of the national technical honors society