--- Page 1 ---
ENGINEERING MANAGER
Summary
To design, develop and manage products in the field of consumer electronics devices, networking protocols, internet applications and connected
devices. Vision to create personalized experiences based on machine learning.
Highlights
Linux, Unix, RTOSs - OS 9 & VxWorks, DOS,
MS- Windows,
Socs related to media players and set tops --
Broadcom, Intel, STMicro, Sigma DesignÂ
Microprocessors/micro controllers -- ARM, Complete Life cycle development of products of mass deploymentsÂ
MIPS, 8088, 8087, 8031, 8051 Middleware, applications, Device Drivers, Hardware,multimedia streaming and
Digital and analog hardware playback, consumer electronics, cable, industrial and power plant automation.
Streaming, playback, Live, VOD, HLS, MP4 Advanced knowledge of embedded systems
HTML5 MSE. EME, Video tag, MHP, OCAP, Interface design and implementation
Blu-ray, BD-J, java security framework. XML Advanced knowledge of content protection systems
C, C++, Visual C++, Visual Basic, Assembly, JavaArchitect consumer electronics products related to multimedia and networking. Porting
, J2ME ( CDC, PBP ), JVM , ODBC, DAVID embedded web browser based systems.
JSON RPC, REST and SOAP. Agile Development process
NASC, Linux containers  - LXC Contributing in specification groups.
Control theory Managing open source code and associated licensing rules.
Familiarity with machine learning techniques - Master's thesis in adaptive control, penchant for machine learning
logistic regression, Neural networks Managing cross functional - cross vendor development, interfacing with
Familiarity with Machine learning packages customers,Building teams, mentoring team members. Managing offshore teams.Â
Tensorflow, DL4J openCV
Familiarity with CUDA and computer vision
Matlab, Octave
Accomplishments
Instrumental in building first generation Blu-ray players. Led development of BD-J stack, which was one of the most complex piece of software in
Blu-ray player.
Led architecture and development of platform software for Nucleus middleware for Seachange, managed large teams spanning multiple projects.
​
Helped architect and develop high performance software for set-top platform on a very tight deadline.
Responsible for representing Pioneer technically as a CE industry member in OCAP specification group and suggesting fundamental changes to
spec to satisfy needs of CE industries in cable market.
Developed excitation control system for alternators, built complete hardware and software for the product.
Experience
Engineering Manager
November 2010 to May 2016 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Managing multiple work streams and teams related to platform software development for set-top boxes. Interacting with customers,
vendors and multiple cross functional groups. Managing product development and supporting deployment of products.Â
Evangelized and led development of new middleware solution for OTT and other multimedia playback on set-tops. The middleware is being
designed for a very responsive user experience, minimum copy transfer of buffers along playback/record pipelines, high performance
playback of multiple contents in several video windows and content security. The middleware was driven by of JSON APIs routed from
from a mini web server.
Led a team for developing cutting edge platform software solution for set-top box for MSOs. The software has several features like
HTML5 UI with webkit/QT, homen etworking, DVR, content protection, DRM and playback on 2nd screensl ike iPads etc. Software is
deployed on a Broadcom SoC with Liberty Global inP oland and Czech republic. Worked on EOS flavor of this product which is going to
be deployed in some countries in Europe by end of this year. Worked on optimizing the stack for low latency wrt resource management and
channel changes. Also worked on leading a team of developers towards development of software components for headless gateway
product for home networking with new Intel Chipsets. The middleware was driven by of JSON APIs routed from from a mini web server.
Led a group towards porting of Comcast RDK platform on ST Micro SoCs fors et-tops. Led a group towards porting/development of
software for RDK platform for RNG150 Comcast platforms.
​
Engineering Manager, Architect
January 2004 to November 2010 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Worked on development of technologies in the field of consumer electronics.
Led a team of engineers towards development of BD-J stack for Blu-ray Players. Wrote initial code for some core modules like file system
and application management, led the development of other modules for the stack - security framework, JMF and Java TV subsystem,
interactive audio, graphics subsystem (based on AWT, HAVi and DVB extensions) and all other BDJ specific modules. Led the efforts on
all certifications required for BD-J ( JAVA, BD+, BD-J APIs ). Worked on supporting the product in market after shipment.
Played critical role in development and architecture of OCAP middleware, the technology was later sold to a third party. Contributed to

--- Page 2 ---
specification group for OCAP. Worked on architecture of application framework, security framework and file system and some other
modules, architected and wrote the code for most complex component of OCAP - DSM-CC file system.
Development of Advanced Media Player, this media player had a Blu-ray player at its core and other network enhanced functionality for
video playback, music, photo management for local and remote content, this had music recommendation features on client device with the
help of remote server in cloud. Also worked on architecture for making closed and open source code co-exist within the same system.
 The media player was modeled as being driven by Restful JSON APIs.
Senior Software Engineer
April 2000 to January 2004 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Worked towards development of various technologies related to interactive TV set-top boxes for different markets.
DTV4.0 (Sheep) compact client development for Comcast on PACE Daytona Boxo n GI headend. Dynamic Internet Protocol Interface
(DIPI) client for DTV Navigator to support Inband IP data transfer to set-top viaI PGateway. Various types of IP access options viz Force
Tuning, Channel tracking were developed. IPGateway development, I worked onb asic DSM-CC session protocol implementation to
provision continuous feed sessions for inband pipe with the Scientific Atlanta DNCS( Digital Network Control System) and also
provisioning Power TV DIPI clients on this CFSs.
Micro 1.0 and Micro 2.0 clients featuring Java based TVGuide, VOD, microb rowser and TVTicker. My responsibility in this was to
develop Tuner, MPEG Java APIs, porting of VOD client, TVGuide-CA java layerT, VGuide integration, enhancement to data service and
other integration and bug fixes. Worked on feature of displaying MPEG I/P frames on a dynamically updatedc arousel content from a
Liberate server. Other part of my responsibility in the project was to write glue layer at micro JAVA virtual machine for applications using a
Multicast File System protocol to tune to data/video channels and I/P frames.
Education
M.Tech : Control Systems , 1988 Indian Institute of Technology ï¼​ City , India Control Systems
B.E : Electrical Engineering , 87 Devi Ahilya University ï¼​ City , India Electrical Engineering
Course : Machine learning , 2016 Coursera - Stanford USA
Skills
Lead Development, build teams, mentor, interface with customers and vendors, architect end to end. Develop products in consumer electronics,
digital TV, industrial automation, control systems
C, C++, JAVA, JVM, Embedded Linux, LXC, Device Drivers
 Working with Socs, RTOS - OS9, VXWorks
DVB, MPEG, H.264, HLS, MP4
JSON, REST, SOAP, XML,SNMP,TR069
Microcontrollers, hardware
Matlab, Octave
Mathematical modeling.
Integrating content protection systems
Agile Methodologies, Scrum, SDLC, project planning and management, leadership