engineering manager professional summary electrical engineer with 20+ years of experience in semiconductors microlithography and strong project management background. scope of work required extensive background in equipment engineering maintenance and process sustaining. utilized experience in cross-function activities with other engineering, production and support organization for the completion of start-up semiconductor factory construction and equipment's. outstanding communication skills in task-milestone reports provided senior level management with clear forecast of project completion. with additional experience in application marketing engineering, led team of business development managers and r&d engineer to grow duv business for dow chemical's globally from $ 300k to > $ 20 million in 3 years. management skills excellent leadership skills in cross-functional, team- based environment, multi cultural, with the ability to effectively communicate, influence and motivate at all levels of the organization. strong understanding of financial measurements and goals that can be directly correlated to implementation of plans. proven ability to analyze statistics and trend data with measured outcomes dedicated operations manager demonstrating effective leadership in all aspects of the job. excels at cutting costs and streamlining operations. tech-savvy project manager versed in all aspects of project management from inception to completion. excels in recruiting and talent acquisition, as well as process reengineering and improvement. skilled operation manager with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration. skills budget development exceptional interpersonal communication staff training/development effective leader consistently meet goals budget development efficient multi-tasker deadline-oriented work history engineering manager , 01/2000 to current company name – city , state manage the performance and facilitating the development of direct report encourage team member engagement by setting challenging goals and communicating line of sight partnering with global counterparts on process. transfer and technology issues and industry direction managing projects to ensure deliverable are completed within the required constraints (schedule, cost, resources,etc) partnering with equipment and process counterparts, purchasing, facilities , contractors and vendors to buy, install and release of equipment) maintain flawless execution of area module by on-going coaching junior and senior engineers, equipment specialists, and technicians in operations, process and equipment plan and improves standardized production method and objectives to achieve safety, quality, delivery and cost targets. successfully navigate cross-site and cross functional teams through high priority initiative by leveraging effective leadership tactics , managing key relationship and building strong teams to achieve impactful results designed an effective quality system visual management tool used by qsm to identify and resolve potential iso9000 findings prior to certificate audits chaired multi-site mission based team of integration, process and quality engineers that developed a containment strategy for an undetectable process defects to alleviate major escape and reliability concern assure proper staffing, development of staff, training and employee involvement, in appropriate areas. lead plant in continue improvement activities in quality, service and price for all customers. troubleshoots and develops countermeasures for problems of quality , productivity , and employee relations using root-cause problem solving methods assure safe practices and maintenance of proper conditions and review these practice and procedures and leads activity to lean manufacturing continuously works to ensure that customer satisfaction targets are achieved. responsible for environmental reporting and compliance. formulate and manage development and implementation of goals, objective, policies and procedure related to quality management system. assure that effective operation of document control system and maintenance of relevant records, including efficient execution of change orders and change control monitor supplier's quality performance and manage problem solving activities. evaluate and disposition discrepant material in conjunction with material management, engineering and operations manage internal customer/supplier and iso audits, including closing out finding, creating audit finding reports and determine proper corrective and preventative actions. manage and ensure that all internal and external non-conforming reports are address on timely basis. utilize and develop metrics that provide insight into the performance of quality system, present report finding and make recommendations for improvement in outcomes. monitor all expenses relating to site operations to ensure these remains with budget limits. ensure that all staff is fully conversant with safety matters and procedures arising from the site operations to comply with ehs standards. ensure that all preventive maintenance as laid down by equipment manufactures is adhered to by all staff professionally manages, guides and leads all site staff to ensure that outstanding levels of customer services are maintained at all times communicates individual and group performance targets and monitors achievement of the same for better site performance. support department in implementation improvements programs ensure capturing of actual cost in line with implementation costing models on periodic basis. assist in identifying the cost elements as part of cost management team. consolidates the inputs received from corporate departments and other business units to present the company level budgets, plans and rolling forecast. assist in implementation of approved costing model for respective lines of business/products from group perspective collate actual cost in line with implemented costing models on a periodic basis. develop and edit maintenance, operating and process spec/procedures lead team of engineers to transfer products from development to manufactures develop process parameters for new products lead equipment specialist and engineers on equipment qualification and upgrades lead equipment engineers and technicians specialist to maintain equipment metrics such as utilization, availability, and cycle time to be equal or above goal (90% availability) leads improvement projects such as cost reduction, labor reduction, operation, yield improvements, oee improvements and waste reduction derive and lead equipment projects for higher throughput, lower chemical cost, part consumption, and maintenance time. lead equipment specialist team on monthly basic to review pass maintenance and trouble shooting performance to identify gaps and techniques so optimizations can be made apply lean manufacturing principles to identify gaps from operation and maintenance standard procedures and make improvements. collaborate with quality & reliability, integration engineers, and intel virtual factories in oregon and arizona for global projects, excursion investigation and provide technical supports for solutions. collaborate with intel virtual facilities in oregon and arizona for equipment and process upgrades. performs statistical analysis such as jmp and spc charts to monitor process, equipment performance, and to identify potential issues so that proactive actions can be taken. collaborate with automation engineers to improve operations and tool utilizations by applying lean manufacturing methods. responsible for ensuring that manufacturing, operation and supply chain management processes are capable of meeting quality, cost and delivery requirements according to the company objectives, to strengthen company values and to better serve customers. responsible for procurement, inventory, production planning, manufacturing, lean manufacturing and machine maintenance. responsible for the strategy, design and implementation of lean and continuous improvement activities. strengthened company's business by leading implementation of chemical consumbtion. hired and trained [address]aff. implemented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce turnover. developed and rolled out new policies. application and marketing engineer , 01/1989 to 06/2000 company name – city , state collaborated with r&d and marketing to develop products to meet customer requirements for new business opportunities coordinated and lead production trials of new and modified products. supervise pilot scale trials when appropriate drafted internal and customer specs for developed products assisted quality assurance in evaluating and resolving unusual, non-routine customer complaints provided technical assistance to manufacturing concerning unusual, non- routine situations collaborated with purchasing and manufacturing in the evaluation of new sources of raw materials, and products evaluate competitive products as needed lead engineer on the engineering production team for customer samples set-up, directed, and trouble shotted batches for new formulations for customer samples (non-routine) mentored other engineers with respect to routine batch set-up trouble shotted and solved issues during batch manufacture assessed process capability led r&d engineering production team hand offs redefined system for recording samples results as a routine part of sample manufacturing created part numbers, bill of materials, productions version, quality management forms, and material masters for new products independently designed and performed laboratory experiments using statistically driven design of experiment assisted in makeup and testing of xp formulations responsible for performing all accelerated aging testing of new formulations to establish product shelf life implemented design of experiments to analyze experimental data using jmp statistical software assisted r&d managements in the allocation of resources across all development projects authorized by the performance materials strategy team. researched and formulated of lip silver, electroless nickel, electrolytic copper, and other various metals created sales strategies in tune with market potential by the information backed by market research prepared sales plans for each customer coordinate with the business development team regarding the new product launch and new target customer responsible for defining and scheduling the delivery of high quality output in line with business requirements and customer priorities managed the product management documentation and generated technical information together into a data package for marketing the new products. additional information nationality: us citizen education b.s : management information system , [address]ate university, mass - gpa: gpa: 3.1 management information system gpa: 3.1 b.s : electrical engineering technology , 5 1987 central new england college - state gpa: gpa: 2.89 electrical engineering technology gpa: 2.89 dale carnegie: effective speaking and human relation, 1995. skills basic, cobol, fortran, pascal, prolith (modeling), power point, word, excel and lotus notes,statistical analysis: jmp, doe (design of experiment), pcs, spc++, six sigma, data view, crystal ball