737 industrial engineering manager professional summary self-motivated, innovative and goal-oriented industrial engineer, project manager and team leader dedicated to boosting company revenue through exceptional leadership and rigorous cost and schedule control techniques. desires the opportunity to revamp processes and procedures and increase efficiency and product quality. skills project planning and development strategic planning dedicated team player lean manufacturing and design procedure development analytical dependable personable work history 737 industrial engineering manager 01/2014 to current company name – city , state manage and lead an industrial engineering team in support of the 737 wing seal, test, paint and systems installation build processes. lead my team in their daily activities such as production scheduling / cycling, managing the shop operating rhythm, and process improvement implementation resulting in over $1.5m in cost savings. lead team to track metrics and manage major shop recoveries that impact final assembly and/or delivery lead team to use lean tools in order to continuously root cause issues/opportunities and drive improvements into the business plan support 2 manufacturing senior managers and wings director in several rate and max readiness projects manage opportunities and risks for recurring and nonrecurring statement of work lead and continue to develop a 4 sustaining employee involvement team that is also 5.0 5s. industrial engineer / project manager 09/2008 to 12/2009 company name – city , state responsible for managing complete sine wave fab-cell statement of work (including m&pt developmental sow) and work break-down structure (ms project) for fabrication division floor beam developmental project for 787-9 implementation. negotiated priorities and schedule in die exercises with cross functional team (m&pt, supplier mgmt, program engineering, tooling, etc.) integrated with program to perform risk analysis (boris, etc.) and then worked to mitigate risks to the program by transferring knowledge and technology for production integration at tal, india. developed/provided status and metrics to divisional and program executives. shared responsibility with fabrication estimating to develop cost estimates for division and program. fabrication division focal for ti-hybrid floor beams faa cert hardware and allowables. integrated with sma/sdt to develop producible test plans. as the fab-cell - 787 sine wave - shop i.e., lead green rooms to make sure all aspects of production are accounted for. material, component procurement, tooling, programming, me planning, etc.) analyzed value stream including capabilities and capacity to develop interdivisional forecasts, schedule commitments, critical paths and manufacturing risks to program. negotiated with other organizations to utilize equipment/process capabilities necessary to complete sine wave fab-cell sow. loaded and set the priorities in the shop based on participation in developing strategy with all program stakeholders. developed schedule mitigation scenarios as part of recovery planning exercises in order to meet high level strategies. sole industrial engineer responsible for technology transfer to production in india. independently developed statistical models and spreadsheets to analyze data on tolerances throughout the product lifecycle to determine that work statement meets program production requirements. participated in design of experiments (using dmaic) and strategy to obtain the right data and sample size to prove process capabilities/limitations and production readiness. analyzed data to define tooling compensation factors for production tooling. participated as a manufacturing producibility representative in a weekly engineering configuration meeting that sets product baseline designs. assessed production equipment capacity in relation to takt time as a function of analyzing rate readiness. co-lead product marketing strategy for expanding sine wave structure opportunities to future airframe applications. industrial engineer 12/2005 to 09/2008 company name – city , state responsible for business strategy and special projects utilizing project/people management skills. created an integrated system for large package capacity/forecast planning for boeing's tooling business. independently developed and implemented a dynamic daily management and load chart system. developed hands on scheduling tools for production management. member of auburn site core metrics and south site ie process council that promotes best practices. lean focal for ats. aiw certification - utilized lean projects and ran workshops to enhance customer alignment and engagement ats metrics and systems focal - established a shop floor metric package to enable management visibility of actual factory performance. developed ie applications for new mes system (tooling's erp). industrial engineering supervisor 07/2010 to 01/2014 company name – city , state managed and led a team of industrial engineers in their daily activities (shop capacity planning/scheduling, tooling project management and process improvement implementation) responsible for managing the business plan and resource allocation for the ppmo (tooling / equipment services - 500+ employees) oversaw the project management of the tooling major projects that will (do) allow the site to achieve our rate increases for 35, 38 and 42+ airplanes per month integrated with the max leadership team to develop an implementation plan on how to incorporate and transition to the max using our current facility and platform led the lean steering team and lean strategy for the ppmo to identify and implement process improvements throughout the 737 boeing production system participated as a ppmo leadership team member to develop the strategy, vision and priorities for the organization side job) bca puget sound ie skill team captain for the industrial engineering puget sound central site - managing and continuously improving the skill acquistion, development and retention processes. industrial engineer / project manager 12/2009 to 07/2010 company name – city , state december 4th, 2009 - july 30th, 2010. industrial engineer / project manager for the core integration team and interiors responsibility center south carolina project. responsible for managing all business and operation functions including staffing, training, tooling, capital equipment, baseline statement of work, baseline schedules, and program management best practices. responsible for leading a team of interior's project managers to develop integrated implementation plans utilizing standard processes, metrics for executive review, and best practices such as rio, change management, and financial planning. responsible for managing all opportunities and risks associated with the implementation of a new interiors facility in south carolina. led the interior's project effort all the way from gathering data at initial conception, to making a recommendation on an independent sourcing solution, through approvals, and into getting funding authorization in order to release long lead capital. work cross functionally with fabrication and program business operations (formally known as pmo) on program directives / decision memos. education mba : business administration 2008 seattle university - city , state bachelors of science : industrial engineering 6 2014 university of washington - industrial engineering project management certification - stevens institute - accomplishments has led and managed teams of project managers and industrial engineers has worked with employee involvement/engagement teams to improve processes in the office and factory floor. accelerated improvement workshop certification outgoing personality honest and easy going quick study and very dependable high sense of personal responsibility. skills assembly, bca, business operations, business plan, business strategy, capacity planning, change management, hardware, council, delivery, design of experiments, engineer, erp, estimating, financial planning, functional, ie, leadership, director, people management, mgmt, managing, product marketing, max, mes, ms project, paint, process improvement, processes, procurement, production management, program management, programming, project management, risk analysis, scheduling, sound, spreadsheets, staffing, strategy, tal, vision, workshops