coordinator of student personnel services professional summary i am an experienced, engaging and dynamic leader seeking an opportunity for growth within ccisd's student personnel services department. i consistently demonstrate effective communication, public relations, and interpersonal skills and maintain a personal expectation for positive, customer-service-driven, interactions with all students, parents, faculty/staff, and community stakeholders. i possess excellent organizational skills as well as the ability to maintain emotional control under stress and to work with frequent interruptions. skills project management self-motivated conflict resolution strong verbal communication process implementation extremely organized work history company name coordinator of student personnel services // city , state // july [address]udent personnel services, suzanne thomas [phone] i lead the clear falls high school counseling team to cooperatively plan, implement, and evaluate campus programs and activities consistent with ccisd's expectations for a comprehensive counseling and guidance program. i serve as a resource for students, parents, teachers, counselors, administrators and community groups with the goal of maximizing each student's personal growth and potential. it is my primary responsibility to lead the campus counseling team to consistently provide: proactive, developmentally appropriate personal and group counseling effective crisis management timely access to community health and human services agencies solid academic guidance for high school and post-secondary planning relevant college and career investigations other responsibilities unique to the position include the coordination of: campus registration events, including course selection, verification, and final scheduling dual credit enrollment advanced placement, sat and act testing student and parent information meetings college and career information programs campus academic awards programs campus commencement ceremony staging and program i am also tasked with the supervision of the campus counseling team members and support staff and management of the department's annual budget. company name lead counselor/director of college counseling // city , state // march 2010 to june 2015 company name counselor // city , state // august 2006 to march 2010 grades 9 - 12, friendswood high school. company name english language arts teacher // city , state // august 2002 to june 2006 grade 7, webster/westbrook intermediate school. principal, bill daws/principal, marlene skiba. as a professional educator at a middle school, i pledged to provide my students with a safe and secure classroom, to lead my students through an exploration of traditional and current literature, and to coach my students to develop the critical thinking skills characteristic of an empowered and informed life-long learner. to meet these goals, i developed and facilitated lessons, evaluated written assignments, accommodated or modified instruction and assignments for students with special services, and conferenced with students and parents. i also served as the 7th grade team lead. company name english language arts teacher // city , state // january 2002 to june 2002 grades 9 - 12, ed white memorial high school. as a professional educator at an alternative high school, i pledged to assist at-risks teens with an opportunity to recover failed course work, regain confidence in their abilities as a capable learner, and refine their personal expectations for future academic success within a safe and secure classroom. to meet these goals, i developed and facilitated lessons, evaluated written assignments, accommodated or modified instruction and assignments for students with special services, and conferenced with students and parents. at the time, this was a small school with an inexperienced faculty, and i served as the taas coordinator for the high school for the february test dates. company name administrative assistant // city , state // july 2001 to november 2001 as the office manager for clements certified consultants, i provided exceptional customer service relations for all clients for the duration of their legal needs. to meet this goal, i maintained correspondence with four unique law firms through phone calls, e-mails, and facsimiles, filed all legal documents from pleadings to evidence for approximately 45 clients, generated monthly billing statements, and prepared various legal documents. company name english language arts teacher // city , state // august 2000 to june 2001 as a professional educator at a traditional high school, i pledged to provide my students with a safe and secure classroom, to lead my students through an exploration of traditional and current literature, and to coach my students to develop the critical thinking skills characteristic of an empowered and informed life-long learner. to meet these goals, i developed and facilitated lessons, evaluated written assignments, accommodated or modified instruction and assignments for students with special services, and conferenced with students and parents. skills academic, advisement, billing, budget, coach, community health, counselor, counseling, credit, crisis intervention, crisis management, critical thinking, clients, customer service, educator, english, instruction, team lead, law, legal, legal documents, director, meetings, access, office manager, personnel, sat, scheduling, supervision, phone, unique, written education master of science - counseling university of houston clear // city , state // 2006 counseling certified in school counseling (ec-12) by the texas state board for educator certification - bachelor of arts - english and history texas tech university // city , state // 2000 english and history graduated summa cum laude certified in english and history (6-12) by the texas state board for educator certification -