--- Page 1 ---
LIBRARY EDUCATIONAL AIDE
Summary
To obtain an administrative assistant position where I can apply my 10 years of customer service, gift of multitasking, and professional experience
to provide a team with a high quality of consistent supportive experience.
Â
Â
Highlights
Competent and reliable professional, committed to
top quality work
Organized and multitasking person
Resourceful in solving problems, maximizing 10 years' experience working in the customer service industry
resources, leading, delegating and negotiating Entrepreneur skills; forward thinker, always trying to improve things or
Collaborate easily with co-workers and work well determine functionality
independently Hard worker, quick learner, and ability to assume responsibility
Possess excellent communication and inter-personal Work well under pressure as part of a team
skills Responsible, resourceful, and able to implement change or policies
Perform effectively despite sudden deadlines and Efficient, supportive and flexible
changing priorities Ability to work in a fast-paced, intense environment smoothly
Proven ability to identify, analyze, and solve problems A visionary and creative person Meticulous worker; attentive to quality and
Highly reliable self-starter; can be counted on to detail oriented
complete assignments and manage projects Able and willing to assist co-workers, supervisors, and clients in a
Planner, sets goals, and meets deadlines cooperative manner Committed to providing total quality work
Experienced in customer relations Dependable employee with common sense and a variety of skills
Self-motivated; able to learn on own initiative Work well under pressure to meet deadlines
Excellent record of dependability and reliability Work cooperatively with a wide range of personalities
Versatile and multi-skilled person Proven ability to gain customer's confidence and trust
Relates easily with all levels of co-workers and
customers
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience
Library Educational Aide
August 2015 to Current Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Green Valley Elementary and North Ridge Elementary Teaches students how to locate media in the library, and empowers students to be
responsible for their individual library needs Checks library accounts for staff, parents, and students Organizes books, keeps a clean
workspace and process daily shelving needs of the library Assist in individual needs for the entire school.
Office Manager/ Program Director
April 2014 to Current Company Name ï¼​ City , State
The dojo I work at was sold to new owners in 2015; I stayed on board with the new owners and have improved many areas of their
business.
The biggest improvements I made were things that save them money. The martial arts school I work at used a website that charged them
$300 a month for information that was just not needed and therefore a waste of money. I came up with our own in house system.
I identified what information (tuition, attendance, rank, student's info etc.) we needed on a daily basis, and how to get to that information
quickly. I simply used the excel program, came up with a sheet for each class and modify it to be easy to use for anyone.
We can access any information we need quickly and timely; without paying this website.
We were paying a lot for internet and phone. I called around and verified price and contract for a commercial account. I was able to
negotiate a great price and bundle our services.
We sell a lot of merchandise at the martial arts gym. I set up all new whole sale accounts; for equipment and uniform needs. I
researched pricing for equipment, uniforms and office needs (ink, paper, paper towels) and modified our suppliers. I was able to establish
new relationships and new pricing.
The dojo relocated in 2016. When we took over a new space; I planned everything. The bathroom remodel I came up with the
complete redesign and ,some of the construction, I actually did myself.
I handled every aspect of moving from one location to a new location. In a time limit of 14 days, we not only moved but opened our
doors at new location; all during Christmas/New Year Holiday.
Since working for ATA, I have revised the way we communicate to students and parents. I updated our facebook web page, came out
with a monthly newsletter, put in place an announcement board, and update our webpage bi-weekly.
I have planned and executed new rank testings, tournaments, birthday parties, and planned our company events for an entire year in
advance.
I have increased customer satisfaction and supported customers in areas such as conflict resolution in tuition issues, problem solved our
cancel and hold policy, resolved our turnaround time on merchandise orders, clarified rules and equipment requirements in writing and
revamped our leadership program.
IÂ manage new student recruitment, marketing needs, student registration, community outreach, parent communications, staff management,

--- Page 2 ---
ordering supplies, bookkeeping, upgrade selling, and receiving payments Improved family and parent relations for the school. I created
and implemented new schedule, new calendar of events, worked closely with the owners to design and publish the company's website
Handles all record keeping (testing, contracts, tuition payments, and inventory).
Children's Ministry
September 2009 to May 2013 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Created a warm and welcoming environment for children, staff and parents.
Helped maintained the employees and volunteer's schedule.
Lead worship time, small group discussions, and all children's activities.
Sales Associate
June 2007 to November 2009 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Increased sales productivity, as well as, guest service by utilizing different methods of communications.
Established an organized system for daily needs of answering emails, fax and phone calls.
Learned essential business and management skills by learning the complex computer system to handling site visits with clients and customers.
Team Lead Specialist
October 2004 to December 2006 Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Managed the electronics department that handled exchanges, returns, purchases, customer service, and complaints, building displays,
inventory and managing back stock.
Managed a team of employees during peak and off-peak seasons that included training.
Education
English and Journalism , 2004 University Of New Mexico ï¼​ City , State English and Journalism
General , 2000 New Mexico State University ï¼​ City , State General
High School Diploma : 2000 Mayfield High School ï¼​ City , State
Educational Aide Certification 2015
Skills
computer knowledge, conflict resolution, contracts, clients, customer satisfaction, customer service, electronics, Email, fax, ink, inventory,
leadership, management skills, managing, marketing, access, excel, money, office, power point, publisher, word, newsletter, peak, pricing,
receiving, record keeping, recruitment, selling, sales, staff management, phone skills, phone, upgrade, website, web page