certified nurse assistant professional summary i am a motivated individual with highly effective communication skills as well as a level-headed health professional who remains calm and effective in extremely difficult and stressful situations. i am seeking a job in the medical field in a clinical position that will enable me to grow as a knowledgeable professional and enhance my current abilities. skills core competencies general administrative excellent telephone etiquettes skilled in handling multiple tasks and working under pressure experienced in handling escalated phone calls quick learner ability to operate multi line phone system customer service assistance and quality front office knowledge general reception skills assurance experience proficient in scheduling appointments collecting copays verifying insurance knowledge of medical terminology, medical eligibility consent forms billing coding experience in epic emr system creative and strong problem solver proficient in patient-focused care exceptional communication skills efficient and reliable team player ms windows proficient medical terminology knowledge work history certified nurse assistant , 04 2009 to 10 2012 company name city , state identifies responds to critical changes in patients and reports to rn lvn. repositions patient for maximum comfort hygiene measures and gives general hygiene to patients. obtains patients self-report of pain when taking vital signs and reports to nurse. charts vital signs in graphic. observes patient for signs of discomfort. makes frequent rounds, answers call lights. reports changes in condition behavior of patient. prepares room for admission transfer discharge. box office aide 1. maintained accurate records of patient care, condition, progress and concerns. monitored vital signs, such as blood pressure and pulse. responded appropriately to the physical, emotional and developmental needs of patients. responded appropriately to the physical, emotional and developmental needs of patients. obtained information about clients medical history, drug history, complaints and allergies. provided pre- and post-operative care. maintained a clean, healthy and safe environment. performed clerical duties, such as word processing, data entry, answering phones and filing. maintained sanitary residents and program rooms. performed procedures and uses equipment as delegated by a licensed professional, including blood draws and ekgs. documents objective data and routine aspects of patient care. reported any unusual circumstances in the patients condition or environment. collects patient specimens and data, including vital signs, input output and other delegated measurements. educated patients and families about infant care, preparation of healthy meals, independent living and adaptation to disability or illness. provided a comforting and soothing environment. took advantage of opportunities for continuing education, quality assurance and performance improvement activities. monitored expiration of medical supplies and medications. monitored expiration of medical supplies and medications. box office aid , 01 2007 to 08 2011 company name city , state alphabetical filing. answer phone calls regarding performances and ticketing. assist customers with questions during performances. office duties such as copying papers, faxing, and packaging mail. telephone interviewer. answered an average of number calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new product information. greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed. earned management trust by serving as key holder, responsibly opening and closing store. politely assisted customers in person and via telephone. provided an elevated customer experience to generate a loyal client le. effectively communicated with and supported sales, marketing and administrative teams on a daily basis. handled daily heavy flow of paperwork and cooperated with the accounting departments on invoicing and shipping problems. handled daily heavy flow of paperwork and cooperated with the accounting departments on invoicing and shipping problems. assisted customers with food selection, inquiries and order customization requests. developed reputation as an efficient service provider with high levels of accuracy. scored in top 10 of employees in successful resolution of issues investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in a timely and empathetic manner. served as the main liaison between customers, management and sales team. managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently. directed calls to appropriate individuals and departments. built long-term customer relationships and advised customers on purchases and promotions. monitored cash drawers in multiple checkout stations to ensure adequate cash supply. operated a pos system to itemize and complete an average of number customer purchases. asked open-ended questions to assess customer needs. learned, referenced and applied product knowledge information. telephone interviewer , 09 2005 to 05 2006 company name city , state survey interviewer for bank of america and scion. administer questionnaire as written and record responses verbatim into a computer. entered data into databases in a timely and accurate manner. obtained and scanned documentation and entered into the database. produced monthly reports using advanced excel spreadsheet functions. reviewed medical records for completeness and filed records in alphabetic and numeric order. organized forms, made photocopies, filed records and prepared correspondence and reports. reviewed and updated client correspondence files and scheduling database. identified abnormal test results and referred them to the clinical laboratory scientist for further review. properly calibrated and adjusted malfunctioning equipment to ensure precise test results. education diploma medical assisting , 2012 downey adult school - city , state medical terminology basic billing. cpt and icd-9 coding. blood draws venipuncture sterilization by autoclaving coursework in laboratory equipment calibration certified nurse assistant medical core program 12 2011 cypress college - city , state general education for pre-requisites for nursing program. medical assistant diploma certified nurse assistant expires april, 2013 american heart association healthcare provider bls for cpr and aed expires july, 2014 nonviolent crisis intervention cpi expires december, 2013 hipaa osha compliant microsoft word 2007 keyboarding 37wpm n. orange county regional occupational program certified nurse assistant medical core program medical terminology. medical abbreviations. knowledge of body systems basic anatomy and physiology. certifications medical assistant diploma certified nurse assistant american heart association healthcare provider bls for cpr and aed nonviolent crisis intervention cpi hipaa osha diploma skills basic, billing, charts, ca, copying, cpi, cpr, cpt, faxing, filing, graphic, icd-9, keyboarding, medical terminology, mail, office, microsoft word, nursing, packaging, coding, telephone, phone, written additional information additional information available for all shifts, extended hours and weekend assignments.