game design intern summary i am an aspiring programming professional with experience in concessions management, customer service, and team leadership highlights working in a fast paced environment. managing a large volume of orders. working in a changing environment with diverse team members. maintaining sanitation and complying with food safety regulations. operation of commercial equipment requiring safety protocol. oversight of daily business income. skills knowledge in c , java, ruby, matlab, linux unix command line, latex, microsoft office package basic data-structure construction and management advanced calculus, discrete mathematics, linear algebra accomplishments earned team member of the month while working in the food service section of a market street grocery store. swift vertical promotion within food service section at market street. member of alpha phi omega september 2015 - may phone hours of various volunteer services. work experience game design intern november 2016 to current company name city , state oversight of documentation and file organization. level designer, including enemy, items, and basic layout. co-designer for general game mechanics. concessions supervisor june 2016 to current company name city , state served as mentor to junior team members. filled out daily paperwork inventory logs, staff time logs, etc. oversight of multiple concession stands serving a variety of items. food service clerk september 2014 to july 2015 company name city , state prepared food items and cooked on a grill or in fryers. carefully maintained sanitation, health and safety standards in all work areas. performed general maintenance duties. took initiative to find extra tasks when scheduled duties were completed. took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues. customer service representative cook january 2013 to august 2014 company name city , state prepared items according to written or verbal orders while performing extensive multitasking. cleaned food preparation areas, cooking surfaces, and utensils. closely followed standard protocols for safe food preparation, assembly, and presentation to ensure customer satisfaction. up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues. assisted manager in ensuring smooth operation of store in all aspects. education and training high school diploma 2015 new tech high @ coppell city , state , united states bachelor of science computer science , 2019 texas a m university city , state , united states