federal grain inspector summary service-oriented process operator with 5 years background working in the industrial industry. core competencies include processing, observing, analyzing chemicals and other matters, as well as excellent communication and time management skills. handle tasks with accuracy and efficiency. skills production and processing  basic computer skills industrial and environmental safety  good oral and written communication skills mechanical aptitude and equipment troubleshooting ability. previous manufacturing skills basic math skills and the ability to compute decimals and perentage. able to lift up to 70 pounds, use tools  team work experience company name city , state federal grain inspector 06 2015 to current prepare grain samples for grading by preforming the necessary tests to determine moisture content, test weight, dockage, and presence of foreign material. perform specialized tests such as aflatoxin and protein analysis calibrates equipment, grind samples, read results and enters reading on official certificates. inspect ship holds for loading, and safety procedures. company name city , state process operator intern 06 2015 to 09 2015 monitor equipment functioning, observe temperature levels, and flow gauges. perform regular unit checks in order to ensure that all equipment is operating as it should. control equipment to regulate the flow and pressure of gas to feed lines of boilers, furnaces, and related steam generating or heating equipment. company name city , state b class electrician 01 2010 to 06 2015 install or calibrate electrical or mechanical equipment such as motors, engines, switchboards, relays, switch gears, meters, and pumps. cut, bend, or shape mental conduit for installation in new construction plant, using a hydraulic bender and pipe threader. education and training associate of science process technology 2013 iti technical college , city , state , united states activities and honors osha card security passport current twic card holder water survival huet hse0039 medic first aid cpr aed fall prevention and protection worker dne hse super safety course