finance officer professional summary bilingual self-starter with broad customer service background. skilled in developing relationships and providing exceptional individualized service. as well as an enthusiastic, resourceful recent graduate with academic and professional background. ability to establish priorities and meet challenges head-on. skills • excellent attention to details • fluent in spanish • excellent skills in microsoft outlook, word, excel and powerpointâ • excellent driving skills â work history 11/2014 to current finance officer company name – city , state monitor the financial system of grant answers by using turbo cash and microsoft excel. assist with the arrangement of the budget. prepare income statements and balance sheets. maintained integrity of general ledger, including the chart of accounts. optimized and managed research and development spending through collaboration with key business leaders. 04/2014 to current teller company name – city , state •      process customer transactions while engaging in conversation in order to provide pleasing customer service and to detect possible fraud •      inform customers about our products that may suit their needs as well as cross-sell bank products and services •      manage the bank's vault to verify balances •      resolve discrepancies in accounts while assuring comfort to our customers  •      hold a weekly meeting with the branch manager in order to learn more about our products and enhance my performance  •      attend corporate events 10/2012 to 11/2013 sales associate company name – city , state 04/2012 to 10/2012 sales associate company name – city , state trained and supervised seasonal employees on job function, company's policies/procedures. determined customers' needs by interacting with them and provided suggestions and alternatives. helped customers with questions, problems and complaints in person and via telephone. organized racks and shelves to maintain the visual appeal of the store. stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts. educated customers about the brand to incite excitement about the company's mission and values. shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store's efficiency. 09/2011 to 11/2013 secretary/senator company name – city , state provided administrative and executive services in order to make sure everything operated smoothly for the senators and the executive board by managing the calendar/agenda, by preparing reports and spreadsheets. •      â​spoke on behalf of the student body and interacted with many students in order to make decisions that will benefit the majority •      â​announced updates that have been made to senators, faculty and staff through microsoft outlook •      used microsoft word to record and distribute minutes of executive board and senate meetings •      created charts and power points with microsoft excel and microsoft powerpoint to organize and update meetings, committee reports,â​ and organize budgetsâ 07/2011 to 07/2012 sales associate company name – city , state utilized effective interpersonal skills to meet the needs of customers. processed shipment deliveries and restocked clothing and accessories. organized, displayed and processed thorough knowledge regarding the merchandised offered for sale. 01/2010 to 01/2013 volunteer company name – city , state committed to community services with free financial literacy seminars to improve low income communities by educating teenagers and homeless parents. volunteered at soup kitchens, community clean up and at schools. 10/2008 to current volunteer company name – city , state participate in various activities helping children by painting elementary schools for motivation and writing letters to santa claus during the holiday season. education may 2014 bachelor of arts : economics political science and spanish lehman college - city , state bachelor of arts in economics, minor: political science and spanish related courses: labor economics, econometrics, managerial economics, international economics, intermediate microeconomics, intermediate macroeconomics, principles of management, calculus, and statistics    â 2 2012 40 hour flight attendant program (included faa approved crm course) aerodynamics, meteorology, regulations, aircraft systems, passenger handling through five phases of flight, first aid, passengers requiring special treatment : academics of flight - city , state 40 hour flight attendant program (included faa approved crm course) aerodynamics, meteorology, regulations, aircraft systems, passenger handling through five phases of flight, first aid, passengers requiring special treatment skills administrative, balance sheets, budgets, budget, charts, interpersonal skills, crm, customer service, driving, economics, financial, first aid, letters, managerial, managing, meetings, microsoft excel, excel, microsoft outlook, microsoft powerpoint, powerpoint, word, microsoft word, painting, policies, seminars, fluent in spanish, spreadsheets, statistics additional information athletic activities soccer/volleyball/track club/ lehman college swimming team