--- Page 1 ---
DEALERSHIP FINANCE MANAGER
Experience
Dealership Finance Manager , 03/2011 to Current
Company Name – City , State
Oversaw credit department staff.
Maintained ongoing communications with clients.
Worked to resolve credit and financing issues.
Identified new business prospects.
Developed strategies with sales managers.
Established credit and financing policies and procedures.
Reviewed and approved loan applications in a timely manner.
Dealership Finance Manager , 11/2006 to 03/2011
Company Name – City , State
Processed credit and loan applications.
Prepared and analyzed credit reports.
Evaluated contracts and loan agreements.
Maintained customer database.
Dealership Finance Manager , 02/2003 to 11/2006
Company Name – City , State
Reviewed credit and loan applications.
Prepared monthly and quarterly financial reports.
Negotiated financing and credit terms with customers.
Ensured compliance with all applicable financial regulations.
Education
Associate's Degree : Accounting , 2002
University of California - City , State
Accounting
Bachelor of Science : Finance , 2005
University of California - City , State
Finance Want more? Check out our other examples. See More Examples
Summary
Seasoned Dealership Finance Manager with a sound knowledge of the auto industry. Adept at evaluating credit requests preparing and analyzing
financial reports and preparing loan agreements. Specialize in quickly dealing with customer credit and financing issues in a timely courteous
manner. Core Qualifications · Extensive understanding of credit and financing issues · Comprehensive knowledge of credit and loan evaluation
procedures · Sound understanding of generally accepted accounting principles · Ability to motivate staff and increase productivity · Proficient
in the use of MS Office applications including Excel and MS Word · Adept at preparing financial reports and statements and analysis reports ·
Solid problem solving and communications skills
Skills
contracts, credit, clients, database, financing, financial, financial reports, policies, sales