programme finance associate professional summary seeking a position where i can demonstrate my skills and contribute to an organization that offers professional growth. being productive and add value to the organisation through my knowledge and previous experiences overview certified project manager with two years experience in managing projects according to prince2 methodology. civil engineering background. two years experience in events organization workshops, conferences and awareness campaigns . highly motivated in team and individual tasks, hard working and productive worker under pressure. practical experience of dealing with governmental and official entities. outstanding communication skills with fluency in three languages. good knowledge of international and development practices. management and administrative professional. people oriented with strong leadership abilities. excellent negotiation skills. skills work history 06 2012 to current programme finance associate company name city , state ensured administration and implementation of programme operations strategies, adapts processes and procedures focusing on achievement of the following results full compliance with un undp rules and regulations and other relevant policies on financial recording reporting system and follow-up on audit recommendations implementation of effective internal controls, proper functioning of a client-oriented financial resources management system. provision of inputs for implementation of cost-saving and reduction strategies in consultation with the office management. preparation of cost sharing, trust fund agreements, follow up on contributions within the co resource mobilization efforts. ensures proper tracking of donor reporting and ensure with program projects concerned that reporting is on time. 2. provided effective support to management of the co programme, administration of budgets and functioning of the optimal cost-recovery system focusing on achievement of the following results presentation of information for formulation of country programme work plans, budgets, proposals on implementation arrangements and execution modalities. entry of data of new grants into atlas in the form of annual work plans awps , monitoring of their status. provision of guidance to the executing agencies on routine implementation of projects, tracking use of financial resources. accuracy verification of combined delivery reports. provision of information for the audit of nim dim projects, tracks implementation of audit recommendations. support the preparation of the integrated work plan for the country office, under the supervision of the deputy country director. ensuring that the project tree is properly set up in atlas, with projects linked to the correct outcomes tracking of overall office indicators and delivery figures. tracking and detailed reporting on mobilized resources. ensure that gms rates are properly charged to development projects. provides in puts in the preparation of cost-recovery bills in atlas for the services provided by, elaboration and implementation of the income tracking system and follow up on cost recovery. 3. provided accounting and administrative support to the programme finance unit focusing on achievement of the following results timely corrective actions on erroneous data in atlas. processing of glje s if required. presentation of thoroughly researched information for planning of financial resources of the co, reports containing analysis of the financial situation. 4. ensured facilitation of knowledge building and knowledge sharing in the co focusing on achievement of the following results systematic gaining and sharing of knowledge and experience related to programme management. organization of training for the office staff on programme operations related issues, including program project related atlas training. synthesis of lessons learned and best practices in programme finance. sound contributions to knowledge networks and communities of practice. 10 2008 to 05 2012 programme assistant company name tasks and responsibilities 10 2007 to 03 2008 teacher company name teaching italian language as a foreign language. 01 1999 to 01 2002 office manager and secretary tasks and responsibilities . office management, organization and documentation. overseeing financial duties, including payrolls, budgets and spending. education 12 2008 bsc. civil engineering, al-fateh university, tripoli - libya 1997 - 2001 university of tripoli, tripoli - libya 2005 - 2006 projects in controlled environments prince2 foundation, undp training, tripoli - december 2009 enterprise risk management, undp training, tripoli - january 2009 hiv aid, undp training, tripoli - january 2009 ethics train, undp training, tripoli - december 2008 the gender journey thinking outside the box, undp training, tripoli - january 2009 un programme on the prevention of harassment, sexual harassment and abuse of authority, undp training, tripoli - january 2009 basic and advanced security in the field, undp training, tripoli skills accounting, administrative support, arabic, basic, bsc, budgeting, budgets, budget, consultation, client, delivery, documentation, english, finance, financial, grants, interpretation, italian, languages, director,ms office, office, outlook, enterprise, networks, office management, policies, prince2, processes, progress, project management, proposals, quality control, recording, recruitment, reporting, research, risk management, sound, supervision, teaching, translating, translation additional information date of birth 5 november address atus married nationality libyan