finance manager summary flexible financial manager with the ability to multi-task, meet deadlines, communicate effectively, develop and motivate staff, general accounting and financial reporting for private and public companies. highlights knowledge of business insurance. excellent analytical, communication and organizational skills. experience in sales and use taxes, payroll taxes and 1099 demonstrate initiative, responsibility and follow through for reporting. "owned work" knowledge of gaap, stat, gasb, fas60, fas97, and strong attention to detail with the ability to multi-task. fas133 reporting. self-directed critical thinker. protects organization's value by keeping information confidential. experience in sox compliance and controls. experience company name december 2007 to current finance manager city , state •prepare monthly and quarterly analytics for income statement, balance sheet, budget to actual variances, and earnings by source. •review and sign off on gaap and statutory journal entries into peoplesoft general ledger. •prepare gaap to statutory reconciliation by product and write commentary for variances. •prepare quarterly and annual statutory reporting package by entity financial information, for senior management. •prepare quarterly financial analysis and ad-hoc reports for boli & coli products (bank owned and company owned life insurance) •draft commentary for md&a (management discussion & analysis) for controller's business segment and provide supporting work papers for certain disclosures. •act as a liaison and assist internal and external auditors in the planning and execution of quarterly and annual audits, including the resolution of accounting and auditing issues. •assist in technical accounting research, including evaluating accounting and financial implications of complex transactions and writing white papers supporting conclusions. •ensure compliance with sox regulations over internal controls. •liaison with other departments including cfo, valuations and product management to provide accurate and timely data analysis. •manage and support analysts, including the completion of performance reviews, adequate training and knowledge of accounting rules, company systems and the overall business performance. •implemented process improvements for ebs (earnings by source) and statutory reporting reducing closing time by two days. •conducted detailed reconciliation on policy loans for the state of connecticut insurance audit. •reviewed, and streamline fas 97 journal entry process, reducing closing time by a day. company name february 2002 to december 2007 accounting manager city , state •led monthly and year end close process, account analysis and financial statement reconciliations. •assisted cfo in group consolidation, monthly variance analysis and operational reporting. •reconciled inter-company, bank and credit card accounts. •maintained fixed assets schedule and applied monthly depreciation expense. •prepared journal entries for monthly accruals and re-classes. •prepared annual schedules for external audits including the resolution of accounting and auditing issues. •responsible for cash management, including monitoring sweep account activity, direct deposits, lock- box and inter-company transactions. •negotiated annual merchant discount rates with credit card companies. •prepared commission reports; approved t&e and weekly a/p selection. •prepared and filed 1099s reports to internal revenue service. •provided oversight and general direction to accounting staff (a/p, a/r, billing, collections and payroll) including recruiting, training and staff performance. •served as liaison with bank and insurance contacts, participated in fp&a meetings to help safeguard business objectives. •reviewed terms of building and automobile leases, and allocate expense to the appropriate entity. •identified and applied technology related improvements to streamline business processes. •participated in mas90 financial software implementation, evaluation and conversion and signed-of on completion. •streamlined the banking process to increase cash flow for domestic and overseas business. company name april 1995 to february 2002 accounting supervisor city , state •prepare weekly and bi-weekly in-house payroll for 300+ employees. •prepared and reconciled benefits plan reports and registered company for multi-state tax. • prepared and filed weekly and bi-weekly federal and state payroll taxes. • supervised a staff of six (a/p, a/r, billing, payroll, collections and human resources). • reconciled and analyzed income statement and balance sheet accounts. • reconciled bank and inter-company accounts; and prepare and post journal entries. • prepared weekly cash forecast and wire vendor payments. • maintained fixed assets seclude and post expense. • system administrator, for mas90/200 including, monthly module closing. • coordinated quarterly audits with company's external auditors. resolve and follow-up with accounting or auditing issues. education rutgers university 2013 master of science : accounting city , state , united states anticipated graduation date: may 2013 kean university bachelor of science : accounting city , state , united states computer skills accpac plus, adp, aggreso, business works, cognos power play, fixed assets sage best software, hyperion, future proof, jantek, lotus notes, oracle, mas90/mas200 sage software, peachtree, peoplesoft, quick books, real world, and microsoft office products.