finance director and treasurer professional summary skills exceptional interpersonal communication fiscal budgeting effective leader customer service-oriented project management team building financial management human resources management work history finance director and treasurer , 09 1998 to 09 2008 company name city , state supervise all units in the finance department including revenue, budget, purchasing, general ledger accounting, accounts payable and receivable, payroll and utility billing. direct the treasury functions for the city and south county regional wastewater authority scrwa , including the preparation and review of periodic investment reports and the oversight of the city s investment portfolio. performed qualitative and quantitative analysis of alternatives for addressing the city s unfunded pension liability. review of retroactive payroll calculations for fire, safety and exempt personnel. coordinate the financial audit. direct the preparation and comprehensive review of the annual city financial report, scrwa financial report and the transportation development act report. review of routine and one-time journal entries, while concluding whether the accounting used was in accordance with governmental accounting standards. search for potential grants for all departments. preparation of several operating budgets. assist in the management and maintenance of public facility and pass-through bonds. partnered successfully with departments, clients to produce positive outcome . initiated rollout of new enterprise software solution for sales reporting. trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption of new program. financial services officer budget officer , 10 1997 to 09 1998 company name city , state management of fiscal duties, provision of complex staff assistance to esponsible for all sec and external financial reporting for calpine corporation. extensive direct experience with the sec, including correspondences and conference calls with the division of corporation finance, the office of the chief accountant and the division of enforcement. designed, implemented and managed the sarbanes-oxley program for the company s sec reporting, including controls documentation and coordination with internal and external auditors. lead role in public filings of senior notes, convertible debt, zero-coupon debentures, lease obligation bonds and equity. total deal experience of approximately 20 billion. author and file forms 10-k, 10-q, 8-k and related 1934 act forms. ensure compliance with international filing requirements. review stand-alone financial statements for subsidiaries, including an sec registrant. assist management in preparing for quarterly analyst calls with comprehensive financial and operating information. draft quarterly earnings releases and review power point presentations for analyst call presentations. calculation of earnings per share and other key financial measures on a monthly basis. support investor relations and public relations in answering financial questions from institutional and retail investors and the media. research sensitive accounting issues and provide technical support to corporate accounting group and to regional controllers. frequent interface with legal, human resources, financial planning and analysis and treasury compliance. primary contact with external auditors for comfort letters for securities offerings. management of accounting for interest rate swaps under sfas 133. responsible for ensuring consistency of application of capitalized interest under sfas 34. responsible for stock administration. senior auditor , 01 1997 to 03 2000 company name city , state client base included education mba business , 2001 california polytechnic - city , state gpa summa cum laude certified public accountant, california california society of municipal financial officers member finance committee, south valley community church- gilroy, ca treasurer, las madres - gilroy, ca bachelor of science accounting , 2000 california polytechnic - city , state skills accounting, accountant, accounts payable, analyst, approach, billing, bonds, budgets, budget, ca, hardware, certified public accountant, client, documentation, equity, filing, finance, financial, financial planning and analysis, financial reporting, financial statements, forms, general ledger, grants, human resources, investor relations, legal, letters, notes, mergers and acquisitions, office, power point, payroll, personnel, presentations, public relations, purchasing, quantitative analysis, reporting, research, retail, safety, sarbanes-oxley, securities, swaps, technical support, transportation, treasury, venture capital, author