finance manager accomplishments transfer pricing and tax seminars, domestic and international, conducted by e y and kpmg ifrs, conducted by institute of chartered accountants of pakistan icap balanced score card- a tool for strategy execution, conducted by icap sukuk- the most rapidly growing and widely accepted islamic structure, conducted by icap making strategy happen- an intensive immersion into the world of strategy execution, conducted by mih training academy, a division of naseba and certified by institute of leadership management. professional summary corporate finance executive and cpa offering 16 years of experience with the wealth of strategic and operational knowledge. wide-ranging cross financing experience in auditing assurance, financial and advisory services with big 4 professional firms deloitte touch , lead ipo and m a transactions. strong expertise in public reporting through capital market authority , capital market transactions, strategic negotiations and international business. proven ability in managing and motivating teams of loyal and productive employees. excellent leader with a track record of problem solving, and consistently drives bottom-line performance, efficiency, process and profit improvements and enhanced internal controls. attained well-recognized results as a key advisor to the ceo, member of the senior executive team of a public listed company. affiliations bachelor of science b.sc. from university of the punjab, pakistan member of institute of certified public accountants of pakistan certified public accountant cpa , membership no. m647 fellow member of chartered institute of cost and management accountants of nigeria cost and management accountant fcma , membership no. 509 associate member of saudi organization of certified public accountants certified public accountant cpa , membership no. 3664 associate member of association of certified public accountants - uk chartered accountant - intermediate ca, intermediate-pakistan skills strategic financial planning mergers acquisition risk management performance analysis financial reporting and executive presentation investment management financial modeling capability budgeting, forecasting and analysis ifrs proficiency external audit actuarial work finalization us gaap principles accounting auditing expert in gaap and statutory reporting corporate operational finance ms office suite treasury auditing proficiency taxation erp enterprise resource planning software regulatory compliance internal control management work history finance manager 03 2017 to current company name city , state performed financial due diligence of the business acquired by the entity. prepared financial projections and did investment appraisal. arranged financing from the bank to finance the business acquisition. prepared and presented strategic planning to management for approval. provide leadership role in all aspects of the company s financial operations and manage treasury function, present production and financial reports under local gaap to the management and ensure tax compliance, arrange insurance cover for business and employees. designed, got approved, implemented and monitored internal controls. prepared break-even analysis, formulated salary structure, prepared, monitored and adjusted financial budget. oversaw preparation, and analyze monthly financial reports for management and board of directors, quarterly reports and financial reports for board meetings. collected and reported monthly expense variances and explanations. computed taxes owed by applying prescribed rates, laws and regulations. chief financial officer, cfo 10 2011 to 09 2016 company name city , state developed strategies for sustainable value creation, supported senior management in decision making, managed assets-liabilities mismatch risk and ensured relevant and useful internal and external reporting. led the accounting and financial function, improved the financial performance through recommendation and implementation of various measures. broad scope of authority included executive guidance for all. established strong system of financial reporting that ensure adequacy of technical reserves even contesting external actuary s recommended reserves directly improved the bottom line. successfully negotiated the reinsurance contracts on favorable terms and single handedly arranged a new reinsurance cover. key contributions headed the share capital raise of the company by 60 million through rights issue. led the implementation team in successfully implementing erp system and replacing in-house standalone modules. reengineered the accounts and finance function by segmenting into accounts receivable, accounts payable, treasury and gl sections and streamlined the reporting hierarchy and introduced the accounting and control procedures for capital expenditure. co-orchestrated the transformation of the company from its multi-million dollar loss position to a net income of 2.0 in first two years then up to 7.1 in next two years by making a thorough analysis of the portfolio and developing monthly reports, putting in place controls. developed a new analysis tool using ms excel advanced features that was used company-wide to measure financial performance at each of 13 retail locations and for each product on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis. achieved significant cost savings where general administrative expenses reduced to 11 from 17 of revenue by reviewing along-with hr manager the job descriptions and consolidating wherever applicable and eliminating redundant positions. developed the management reporting system, through which recommended to the head of technical to revisit the prices of a particular product which were done and that resulted in increase of sales volume of the product by almost 2 times while keeping the loss ratio on lower side and yielding higher profit in absolute terms. achieved savings of 1.6 million per year by creating a tax-efficient cross-border reinsurance structure. established collection unit that improved the receivable turnover from 1.58 to 3.16 times and reduced the provision for doubtful debts by 2.53 million that impacted the bottom line positively. created boardroom multimedia presentations including video and text- sync d depositions for enhanced understanding. developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improvements. manager audit 01 2007 to 09 2011 company name city , state project management of a number of significant audit engagements, often multi-disciplinary and multi-jurisdictional to ensure market reporting timetables were met whilst ensuring client service standards were maintained. professional engagements often involved the management of complex audit teams, resolution of technical accounting issues under ifrss local gaap and liaising with senior client management and group audit teams. achieved the employee of the year award for the year 2010 by managing one of the biggest portfolios of clients contributing good amount of revenue to the firm s income while maintaining high quality work. contributed to the growth of revenue of the firm by introducing new clients and agreeing on additional services with existing clients i.e. during the course of audit convinced the client for tax consultancy services as well. managed the referral jobs for multinational clients where audited the financial statements prepared under us gaap and other cross border gaap. performed financial due diligence and valuation in connection with mergers acquisitions and ipos served a diversified client base of international public companies including insurance, investment partnerships, manufacturers, contractors, construction, petrochemicals and retailers. managed and carried out agreed upon procedure assignment on internal controls, product pricing and forensic assignment. identified and recommended improvements related to key operational and control issues for presentation to top management and audit committees conducted training on international financial reporting standards and international auditing standards. assistant manager 08 2006 to 12 2006 company name city , state senior auditor 06 2002 to 05 2006 company name city , state skills accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, acquisitions, administrative, ad, auditing, budgeting, budget, client management, contracts, contract negotiation, corporate finance, cpa, client, clients, clients i, decision making, due diligence, erp, senior management, features, finance, financing, financial, financial operations, financial planning, financial reports, financial reporting, financial statements, forecasting, gl, hr, insurance, international business, investment management, leadership, managing, management reporting, market, meetings, mergers, ms excel, negotiations, next, page 2, performance analysis, pricing, problem solving, profit, project management, quality, reporting, retail, risk management, sales, strategic, strategic planning, tax compliance, tax, treasury, valuation education bachelor of science mathematics 1997 university of the punjab - city certified public accountant -cpa accounts, audit and finance 2012 institute of certified public accountants - city certifications fellow member of chartered institute of cost and management accountants