--- Page 1 ---
COMMUNITY ADVOCATE
Summary
Dedicated and focused Community Advocate who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to
achieve project goals. Seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority.
Certifications
CPR and First Aid
Highlights
Active listening skills                Â
Sharp problem solver
Time management
Adaptive team player               Â
Courteous demeanor                Â
Strong organizational skillsÂ
Detail-oriented
Energetic work attitude    Customer service expertÂ
Telecommunication skills      Flexible schedule
Experience
Community Advocate Nov 2015 to Current
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Made it my goal to promote the independence of disabled individuals.
Managed daily office operations and maintenance of community and consumer relations. Â Offered exceptional customer service to
differentiate and promote the company brand. Collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the
entire educational and joyful experience. Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously in a fast-paced retail environment.
Communicated Fairplex policy violations to the leadership team in a timely manner. Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to
motivate team members. Held each team member accountable for achieving brand and performance goals. Built and maintained effective
relationships with peers and upper management.
Lead Human Resource Recruiter May 2012 to Jan 2015
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Answered customers' questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. Â
Helped customers select products that  best fit their personal needs.  Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire
office. Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand. Built customer confidence by actively listening
to their concerns and giving appropriate feedback. Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members. Held each
team member accountable for achieving brand and performance goals. Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper
management.Â
​
Exhibit Creator Aug 2008 to Oct 2009
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire building. Â
Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand. Collaborated with customer service team members
to give exceptional service throughout the entire educational and joyful experience. Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously
in a fast-paced retail environment. Communicated Fairplex policy violations to the leadership team in a timely manner. Offered direction and
gave constructive feedback to motivate team members. Held each team member Â
Education and Training
Dietetics CALPOLY Pomona ï¼​ City , State , USA Minor in Psychology
Associate of Science , Social and Behavioral Sciences 2012 Citrus College ï¼​ City , State , USA Minor in Psychology
High School Diploma , General 2008 Charter Oak High School ï¼​ City , State , USA
Skills
Filing, Professional and friendly, Careful and active listener, Multi-tasking