finance director professional summary to find a new and challenging position that will utilize the skills that i've acquired and help others maximize their skills and potential. ambitious financial manager determined to continually exceed expectations. willing to take on added responsibilities to achieve desired results. skills exceptional interpersonal communication effective leader budgeting and financial management staff training/development financial reporting and analysis consistently meet goals quickbooks efficient multi-tasker complex problem solving customer service-oriented highly detail-oriented organized superior time management deadline-oriented exceptionally organized budget development advanced computer proficiency (pc and mac) expertise in invoice and payment transactions account reconciliation work history 11/2012 to current finance director company name – city , state analyze and present financial reports to principals in an accurate and timely manner. collate financial reporting materials, oversee all financial and project accounting. manage organizational cash flow and forecasting. implement a robust financial management/ reporting system; ensure that the billing and collection schedule is adhered to and that financial data and cash flow are steady and support operational requirements. effectively communicate and present the critical financial matters to the board of directors. manage accounting and financial systems and maintain full and accurate accounting records conduct financial analysis and prepare detailed financial reports and statements. provide financial and accounting advice, direction and leadership. manage the maintenance and upgrade of financial systems. identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts by interpreting financial results. managed a $ [amount] annual budget that grew [number] % in [number] years. analyzed budgets, financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing. created an analytical framework for identifying and developing financial growth opportunities. assumed ownership of accounting, forecasting and strategic supply planning. developed annual budgets in collaboration with the financial director. forecasted operating costs for scheduled projects by strategizing with other departments. synthesized financial and budgetary information to solve problems and develop alternative solutions. managed high volumes of financial activity in a fast-paced, risk-based corporate environment. compiled financial reports pertaining to cash receipts, expenditures and profit and loss. drafted and reviewed financial statement compilations before being approved by partners. performed complex general accounting functions, including preparation of journal entries, account analysis and balance sheet reconciliations. prepared accurate financial statements at end of the quarter. reviewed collection reports to determine the status of collections and the amounts of outstanding balances. worked with management at the project level to ensure expense plans are achieved. worked with managers to develop annual expense plan goals. collected and reported monthly expense variances and explanations. 05/1999 to 11/2012 office administration department manager company name – city , state 05/1997 to 05/1999 accounts receivable coordinator company name – city , state implemented quickbooks pro accounting software to enhance efficiency and productivity in accounts receivable. designed and analyzed reports used by management to make better business decisions. coordinated the invoicing process with project leaders and financial analyst to ensure invoices are submitted accurately to sponsors. invoiced sponsors according to billing terms indicated in the contract/budget. analyzed and retrieved billing information from non-governmental contracts. performed detailed financial analysis utilizing microsoft excel spreadsheets. 03/1996 to 02/1997 business manager company name – city , state managed daily accounts receivable and accounts payable functions. processed vendor payments including the input of invoices and production of accounts payable checks. performed detailed financial analysis utilizing microsoft excel spreadsheets. 04/1991 to 03/1996 operations / graphics coordinator company name – city , state managed a staff of seven in the production and design of yellow pages for over 20 universities. managed and trained a staff of 25 full-time employees; assigning tasks and motivating them to meet deadlines. managed and maintained a $45,000.00 book delivery / supply budget. organized and conducted training sessions for 200 sales representatives. decreased bankruptcies and debt collections of over 10,000 accounts, saving $500,000.00 designed and produced advertising and telephone directory covers for universities. developed and implemented effective training procedures. developed and implemented effective team building strategies. 05/1999 to 11/2012 office administrator department manager company name – city , state supervised administrative staff by allocating work and ensuring deadlines were met. hired and trained administrative staff. overseen the office and the needs of the staff which includes ordering supplies, setting up offices for new employees and training all employees on company software for processing time and expenses. coordinated company meetings. researched, coordinated and maintained contracts for maintenance of building, landscaping, office equipment and phone systems/service. provided administrative support to staff (typing, phones, filing). implemented company accounting software, deltek advantage/vision. maintained accurate recording of revenue, invoicing, and cash receipts. insured implementation of proper controls and maintain accuracy of accounts receivable system. prepared reports of aging and customer statements. provided year-end support for audits, financial reports and tax preparation. overseen complete account analysis. analyzed collection reports and made contact with customers' accounts payable departments to ensure invoices are being processed for payment (collection calls). provided reports to project managers/team leaders to utilize in project budgeting, project progress and performance. prepared monthly financial reports. generated vendor and employee payments. prepared monthly payroll reports for hourly employees. provided training and knowledge on the usage of newforma software. software designed to connect architecture and engineering firms to their projects. education 5 1991 bachelor of business administration : finance north carolina central university - city , state finance skills accounting, accounting software, accounts payable, accounts receivable, administrative, administrative support, advertising, billing, book, budgeting, budget, cash flow, contracts, delivery, direction, filing, financial, financial and accounting, financial analysis, financial analyst, financial reporting, financial management/ reporting, forecasting, invoicing, team building, leadership, materials, meetings, microsoft excel, office, microsoft word, office equipment, organizational, payroll, phone systems, progress, quickbooks pro, recording, sales, spreadsheets, tax preparation, telephone, phones, typing, upgrade, vision, year-end