mds coordinator skills skills used i enjoy challenging sticks. i try my best at being the best. enjoy working as a team or self if needed. staff lpn smith village - chicago, il october 2013 to april 2015 responsibilities provide patient care, manage a team of cna's, injections, diabetic management, cva cases, wound care, gt management, psych care, med surg, assited living care, iv care management, etc participated and completed 8 weeks of training on total mds 3.0/ rai process, understanding the principals and process of the rai 3.0, pps/obra regulations and guidelines, understanding mds 3.0 coding for obra and pps, able to accurately assess activities for daily living, pps/medicare timing and scheduling, familiar with care assessments (caas), understanding of rug iv payment prospective system, clinical reimbursement for quality of care, maximization of skilled nursing facility state & federal (medicare) reimbursement programs utilizing the rug iv guidelines, vital signs , injections, glucose testing, dressing changes, cpr certified for adults, infants, and children, surgical sterile field, standard first aid, gt feeding management, iv management, daily computer and internet use (9 years) certifications/licenses mds 3.0 coordinator clinical reimbursement/ mds 3.0 coordinator accomplishments great patient care, great management skills, skills used time management, managing a team of cna's, obtain and follow md orders as written, iv management, medicare charting,etc staff lpn prairie manor nursing & rehab - chicago heights, il february 2012 to september 2014 responsibilities. provided nursing care for up to 30 residents simultaneously. supervised up to 4 nursing assistant throughout the shift. rendered care/medication administration to geriatric population on a daily basis. performed nursing assessment and documentation as necessary. daily computer / internet use. ongoing educating and training staff, residents, and families on care process. provided input to interdisciplinary team members on total resident care. completed nursing assessment documentation on a timely basis skills used. vital signs. glucose testing. cpr certified for adults, infants and children. dressing changes/ wound care. injections. surgical sterile field. standard first aid g-tube feedings, foley care, iv management, wound care, etc staff lpn hcr manor care - oak lawn, il december 2009 to february 2012 responsibilities. provided nursing care for up to 30 residents simultaneously. supervised up to 4 nursing assistant throughout the shift. rendered care/medication administration to geriatric population on a daily basis. performed nursing assessment and documentation as necessary. daily computer / internet use. ongoing educating and training staff, residents, and families on care process. provided input to interdisciplinary team members on total resident care. completed nursing assessment documentation on a timely basis skills used vital signs. glucose testing. cpr certified for adults, infants and children. dressing changes/ wound care. injections. surgical sterile field. standard first aid g-tube feedings, foley care, iv management, wound care, etc. experience 08/2015 to current mds coordinator company name ï¼​ city , state responsibilities assist and open schedules for the nurses and other idt to complete the mds. ensure that all data entered is accurate and acceptable for maximum amount of reimbursement from ehealth data. assist in creating programs based with the residents best interests at hand while increasing reimbursement for the facility/community. meet with idt to ensure quality of care is provided to the residents at all times. assist with restorative nurse to establish appropriate and realistic care plans. efficient in point click care. 01/2006 to current phlebotomist company name ï¼​ city , state obtain venous blood samples from a variety of patients aging from infants to geriatrics. experience in heel sticks to hard sticks. 10 yrs inpatient/ outpatient experience. education and training 2015 lpn : nursing brown mackie college ï¼​ city , state 3.0 nursing 2009 phlebotomy technician certificate in phlebotomy technician prairie state college ï¼​ city , state 2020 associate of applied science : nursing prairie state college ï¼​ city , state , usa personal information very flexible, dependent, great time management, accountable. enjoys challenges while working smart not hard. excellent customer service. educated in mds to maximize facility reimbursement status in an accurate and timely manner. skills cna, cpr certified, diabetic, first aid, geriatrics, injections, nursing, patient care, phlebotomy, coding, quality, scheduling, technician, vital signs, wound care additional information additional information very flexible, dependent, great time management, accountable. enjoys challenges while working smart not hard. excellent customer service. educated in mds to maximize facility reimbursement status in an accurate and timely manner.