president chief executive officer executive profile chief executive with experience in  offering outstanding presentation, communication and cross-cultural team management skills. high-energy, results-oriented leader with an entrepreneurial attitude. skill highlights leadership communication skills project management employee relations regulatory affairs human resources budgeting expertise market research and analysis  staff development core accomplishments spearheaded successful completion of a  5 million dollar capital campaign. increased the overall organizational revenue from 10 to 11.5 million. expanded residential services from twenty six 26 to thirty-five 35 bed capacity due to community needs. introduced and implemented foster care services  to decrease continuum of service gaps. recognized by the columbus foundation as a nonprofit to watch in 2015. professional experience president chief executive officer oct 2010 to current company name city , state the chief executive officer is responsible for the administration of all programs of st. vincent family centers in accordance with the stated purposes of st. vincent family centers and the general policies formulated by the board of directors. in conjunction with the nomination committee, recruit and orient new members of the board of directors to st. vincent family centers. provide information to the board related to funding structures, programmatic changes, and other pertinent information in relations to the operations of the agency. monitors and ensures all agencies programs for performance improvement, insuring compliance with funding source and accreditation requirements. supervision of the budget process. oversee or approve expenditures of funds or policies procedures related to the expenditure of funds. directs the preparation of funding proposals. recruits, hires, and supervises qualified staff to fill positions at the executive level of st. vincent family center. provides opportunities for staff development. oversees the establishment and implementation of personnel policies. serves as the agency spokesperson to clients, other community organizations, and the public. identifies and secures sources of funding for agency programs and maintains a positive working relationship with all agency funding sources. executive director ohio jan 2009 to oct 2010 company name city , state columbus, ohio under the general oversight of the president ceo, the executive director was responsible for the administration and supervision of the national youth advocate program ohio. the executive director exercised effective influence and management over all operational, financial and administrative activities including day-to-day activities and long range strategic planning initiatives. expanded existing services and developed new services and program that were responsive to the needs of the community within the scope, mission, and philosophy of the organization. developed and recommended to the president ceo policies and strategies that promoted and enhanced the mission of the organization. administered fairly and consistently all personnel policies and procedures in close cooperation with the organizations human resources department. acted as the primary spokesperson for the state program and played a key role for advocacy initiatives. achieved the financial goals of the state program by applying sound financial principles and ensuring revenues consistently meet or exceeded expenditures. developed and proposed an annual budget for approval. planed and implemented budgetary corrective action in response to unanticipated changes in revenue or expenses. served as an ex-officio, non-voting member of the advisory board of trustees, and actively participated in all board meetings. assistant director jun 2002 to jan 2009 company name city , state columbus, ohio managed and directed day-to-day program service delivery within franklin county. responsibilities included management of all regional caseworker activities, including oversight for foster care, clinical services, and sexual offender services. provided recommendations for service utilization, hiring, promotions, transfers, terminations, and funding, for the purpose of attaining and or exceeding outcomes and performance goals established by the contract agency. prepared and managed within the parameters of the program budget. columbus, ohio managed supervisors with a focus on positive coaching and teaching practices. conducted meetings with assigned supervisors to review agency case specific data to ensure needs of children and families are being met. maintained conference notes to ensure that supervisors were meeting regularly with their staff to provide training and supervision. reviewed and assigned new cases. child welfare caseworker jul 1998 to may 2002 company name city , state supervised staff, including advising staff on policies and procedures for child welfare casework program, which included assessing service needs, providing case direction and performing personnel duties for unit, conducted interviews for hiring staff, instructed and trained new staff. reviewed and approved documentation quality control conducted case reviews and coordinated paperwork and evaluated referrals for service and processes. provided mentorship training for other child welfare social workers by assisting in and attending court hearings, interacted with attorneys and in any other direct service function. provided direct service through the following activities counseled with clients, visited homes and monitored treatment of youth, promoted foster and relative placement adjustments, and attended linkage conferences with collateral agencies. provided crisis intervention services, attended court hearings, attended and actively participated in administrative case reviews. performed and monitored placement activity, supervised visits with parents, and transported children. program worker apr 1996 to aug 1998 company name city , state under the direction of the unit supervisor, trained patients to reach maximum independent functioning in daily living skills. provided therapeutic crisis intervention, to include but not limited to verbal and physical one to ones, precautionary measures, such as suicide, assault and escape monitoring. performed clinical charting that included nursing care plans and medication, unusual behaviors, and unusual incident reports. attended scheduled trainings as assigned and performed other direct care duties as assigned. youth leader jun 1995 to apr 1996 company name city , state provided one-on-one and group supervision to children with severe behavioral problems. developed behavior modification plans to increase positive behaviors of the children. education b.a. , psychology 1995 bethany college city , state , us bethany college, bethany, west virginia b.a. 1995-psychology m.s. , human services management 2001 franklin university city , state , us franklin university, columbus, ohio m.s. 2001- human services management professional affiliations united way of central ohio finance committee member past board member of ohio association of child caring agencies oacca presentations  the john glenn leadership institute for public service public policy the ohio state university.  l2000 leadership academy for mental health and addiction services professionals.    presenter child welfare league of america conference-new orleans. improving outcomes merging best practice and managed care strategies.    presenter child welfare league of america national conference-washington d.c.  improving outcomes improving outcomes in child welfare.    presenter foster family-based treatment association conference-pittsburgh, pa.   improving outcomes merging best practice and child welfare privatization strategies.    presenter foster family-based treatment association conference-orlando, fl.  improving outcomes merging best practice and child welfare privatization strategies. skills executive level, operations, proposals, coaching, teaching, quality control, corrective action, human resources, strategic planning, finance