family and community advocate professional summary affiliations creative problem solver computer literate experience in domestic violence advocacy, conflict resolution, trauma counseling community referrals excellent communication, organizational and information gathering skills effective multicultural communication interaction skills ability to provide crisis services including suicide prevention expertise in counseling including in-home group facilitation expertise in developing, implementing monitoring different projects and or assignments knowledge of techniques used for both mental health substance abuse services cognitive behaviorist skills self-motivated team leadership strong verbal communication powerful negotiator conflict resolution extremely organized client assessment and analysis work history 03 2015 to 09 2017 family and community advocate company name city , state completion of or update of applications leading to financial assistance toward home heating or cooling bills as well as assistance towards rent or mortgage payments to at-risk low income, elderly and disabled households. referrals to community resources as needed. completion of applications for home weatherization program and agency head start facilities. compiled and monitored case files. coordinator of vita tax program. community outreach 4x s yearly. utilized technology solutions for data entry. community outreach resulted in 15 increase in financial assistance. 01 2009 to 01 2011 substance abuse counselor company name city , state completed psychosocial assessments and treatment plans to determine the eligibility and provisional needs of persons suffering from opiate addiction. monitored progress through weekly individual and group sessions, team staff meetings, and random urine surveillance. completed authorization for t-19 reimbursements. collaborated with on-site medical team for maximum services. compiled and monitored case files. provided community referrals as needed. group leader. 01 2008 to 01 2009 case manager company name city , state completed psychosocial assessments and treatment plans. compiled and monitored case files. utilized technology solutions to streamline data entry and report writing. collaborated with in-house and community staff to maximize services. provided community referrals as needed. monitored daily living activities to assess quality of life status. completed monthly stats. on clients seen and services rendered. on-site case management resulted in 45 reduction in crisis situations. 01 2004 to 01 2008 lead case manager company name city , state completed psychosocial assessments and treatment plans within the prison setting to determine provisional needs for discharging inmates in the area of personal and family adjustments, finances, employment, food and clothing, housing, and physical and mental impairments. developed and implemented program curriculum. compiled and monitored case files and utilized technology solutions to streamline management tasks and report submission. supervisor and trainer of masters and bachelor interns. provided employment services including resume writing, job leads, job retention. case management resulted in 50 recidivism reduction in a 4 year project. virgil joiner - pg. 2. 01 2000 to 01 2004 therapist company name city , state completed psychosocial assessment and treatment plans to determine diagnosis and provisional needs of clients with wide range. of mental health disorders including aoda. assisted clients in modifying negative attitudes and behaviors through weekly individual and group session and urine surveillance. compiled and monitored case files. provided in-home therapy. in-home services resulted in 60 increase in client retention. observed and monitored client behavior and responses to treatment. 01 1998 to 01 2001 psychotherapist company name city , state completed psychosocial assessments and treatment plans on clients diagnosed with a wide range of mental health disorders. directed clients in modifying attitudes and patterns of negative behavior through weekly individual sessions. compiled and monitored case files. completed authorizations for insurance reimbursement. collaborated with psychologist and psychiatrist regarding diagnosis and medication monitoring. conducted in-home services including crisis intervention. provided community resources as needed. in-home services resulted in 35 increase in client retention. observed and monitored client behavior and responses to treatment. skills streamline, agency, case management, counselor, counseling, crisis intervention, client, clients, data entry, diagnosis, financial, insurance, meetings, mental health, progress, psychiatrist, quality, report writing, supervisor, tax, therapy, trainer, trauma, treatment plans education 1995 msw social welfare university of milwaukee - city , state advanced opportunity fellowship award uw milwaukee field placement advisory brd. member african american student achievement award association of black social workers book fund award 1993 bsw social welfare concordia university wisconsin - city , state member student social work club aoda counselor social work intern wcs wings correctional program, milwaukee, wi aoda counselor social work intern women in need of greater support va medical center - city , state