financial accountant summary cpa financial accountant specializing in financial reporting and analysis. successful at managing multiple licensing and royalty reporting with international corporations, such as disney, warner brothers and lego. highlights tertiary qualified with master degree in accounting, cpa licensed with 5 years experience in financial reporting, and management accounting international experience multi-cultural international team working experiencebilingual english chinese erp accounting systems proficiency advanced utilization microsoft office suite, especially excel. technical proficiency accomplishments the company has been awarded by disney and warner brothers as top 10 licensee in asian pacific region and licensee of the year 2013, 2014, my team has been awarded by the board in the meeting. as the chef accountant for licensing, i have re-modeled an excel controlling summary tool to monitor the usage of the minimum guarantee for 150 plus individual licensing contracts. re-modeled divisional comparison in p l. experience 05 2012 to 05 2015 financial accountant company name city , state financial reporting accountable for the provision of accurate, timely and efficient financial reports on behalf of management to lodge financial statements b s, p l, cash flow and others specific reports within the group and also to the external parties applying aus- ifrs accounting standards and company accounting policy across various transactions and accounting issues. royalty reporting in charge of 150 plus royalty reports, monthly or quarterly reporting to warner, brothers, mattel, disney, lego etc. global brands verify sales reports with licensing contracts, royalty rates, cmf bdi, other marketing funds etc. royalty, payment withholding tax 09 2011 to 05 2012 assitant accountant company name city , state cash flow foreign currency management foreign currency management options and swap management of the banking function including daily banking reconciliation for the group accounts. staff expense management concur -sap staff self- report system company cards management leadership and support of the international logistic. ap, ar and payroll functions oversees accounts payable accounts receivable payroll functions, provide training to staff. coordinate with international logistic department to handle any urgent shipping documents. 08 2008 to 09 2011 assistant accountant company name city , state ensuring that transactions comply with financial policies and procedures preparing, verifying, processing invoices and coding payment documents preparing batches of invoices for data entry and ensuring accuracy and completeness of data completing banking and invoicing through the myob and rms operating systems recording all cheques and maintaining the general ledger maintaining accounts receivable and payable 07 2007 to 08 2008 front office officer company name city , state taking bookings cash payment handling actively approaching potential clients in promoting and selling various products and services online customer service customer care assist with other office administrative tasks. 01 2007 to 04 2007 internship - credit officer company name city , state providing administrative support including filing, printing and organising confidential client documents handling credit card enquiries from corporate clients in a professional manner addressing general client enquiries and complaints, ensuring client satisfaction is maintained assessing credit applications, ensuring details are completed accurately with correct identification gaining knowledge in regulations and principles in commercial banking providing advice on credit applications and various credit products and services liaising with team managers and reporting on client follow-up requirements building rapport with clients to maintain long term relationships. education 2010 master of business accounting monash university city , state , australia continuing education courses focusing on the major changes in accounting standards, legal concepts with tax analysis seminar 2009 bachelor of commerce accounting finance victoria university city , state , australia coursework mainly covered management accounting, financial accounting, auditing, governance ethics. professional affiliations cpa australia languages english chinese mandarin skills communication skills taking initiative in communication among team members by interacting with people from diverse cultural backgrounds, and building up excellent client and peer relationships. high efficiency to pressuring the best way to solve the problem and making contribution to business organization. high attention to details while ensuring accuracy and completeness of particulars, executing corrections on errors that occur and performing thorough reviews on necessary documents.