financial accountant professional summary client-focused sales representative with 8 years of providing solutions to customers. solid understanding of the systems and program areas . top producing sales professional and expert in the solar  industry. dynamic communicator who consistently exceeds goals and company expectations. regulatory reporting supervisor with 8 years experience. areas of expertise include accountng finance reporting skills. skills usgaap principles cash flow analysis accounting operations professional oracle proficiency hyperion financial management specialist account reconciliation specialist ms office suite budget analysis experience with regulatory filings ffiec 031 041 call reports fry9c filings fiscal budgeting strong in ms word and excel accounting procedures consultant invoice and payment transactions operations analysis consolidations finance and accounting strong banking ethics balance sheet expertise usgaap principles cash flow analysis accounting operations professional oracle proficiency hyperion financial management specialist account reconciliation specialist ms office suite consolidations budget analysis finance and accounting experience with regulatory filings strong banking ethics ffiec 031 041 call reports balance sheet expertise fry9c filings staff development fiscal budgeting risk management processes and analysisonflict strong in ms word and excel accounting procedures consultant invoice and payment resolution transactions operations analysis project management strong verbal communication self-motivated budgeting and finance team leadership data management work history financial accountant , 11 2017 to 03 2018 company name city , state ensured communication of and compliance with accounting policies and procedures for aaa northeast and subsidiaries club analyzed financial information communicated from various departments and subsidiaries of the club to finance. prepared monthly journal entries and accruals for the monthly close process. provide and prepare monthly financial statements for executive management. prepare monthly reconciliations and account analysis for senior management prepared financial information using vlookup, pivot tables updated financial schedules using excel. solar energy consultant , 05 2017 to current company name city , state called on residential and commercial customers for their solar needs. work with networking groups to build relationships to increase sales. building sales by utilizing social media marketing, trade shows and other techniques to generate sales. created self generated leads by going door to door in established neighborhoods using sales techniques acquired from training classes. prospected, qualified and secured new business with small-to-medium sized clients using strategic selling skills. solar energy consultant , 03 2014 to 05 2017 company name city , state managing ambassador program. created a network of steady referral business. educated customers in their homes on alternative clean energy solutions. designed solar systems to determine weather or not the customer would be able to benefit from it. business analyst iii , 04 2016 to 03 2017 company name city , state perform complex general accounting functions including preparation of account analysis and balance sheet reconciliation perform ad hoc analysis with lines of business to ensure proper mapping lines up with all general ledger accounts on a monthly basis. provide analysis to lines of business entities to ensure all procedures are being met and maintained during the separation process. efficiently and effectively participates in large complex projects across business units, product lines or business processes with focus on banking application systems interfacing into general ledger reporting systems possess a strong understanding of financial statement and accounting concepts including general ledger test environments, system processes and balance controls. assures transaction flow diagrams and financial data mapping documents identify control points, mitigate risks and eliminate non-value added processes. treasury analyst , 07 2012 to 07 2015 company name city , state performed complex general accounting functions, including preparation of journal entries, account analysis and balance sheet reconciliations. proposed and published metrics and kpis to be incorporated into the monthly financials and scorecards. collected and reported monthly expense variances and explanations. performed periodic budgeting modeling to project monthly cash requirements. established operational objectives and work plans and delegated assignments to subordinate managers. analyzed and researched reporting issues to improve accounting operations procedures. modified a comprehensive financial reporting package to reflect growing organizational complexity. prepared accurate financial statements at end of the quarter. derivatives middle office analyst , 02 2005 to 07 2012 company name city , state performed complex general accounting functions, including preparation of journal entries, account analysis and balance sheet reconciliations. prepared accurate financial statements at end of the quarter. prepared financial pages for presentation to senior management. maintained 100 accuracy in calculating discounts, interest and commissions. facilitated successful internal and external audits through sound and thorough documentation. posted receipts to appropriate general ledger accounts. balanced monthly general ledger accounts to accurately record cost and month end accruals. reconciled debit reports, margin reports and trade settlement reports to reach in-house goals and objectives. used investment instruments in complex option hedging strategies and trading scenarios, including fixed income and equity securities. enhanced the operational risk application to capture regulatory findings from agencies such as sec and occ. consolidated financial data and materials for key leadership meetings. complied with regulatory requirements, including the bank secrecy act, anti money laundering, ofac, usa patriot act, privacy act and community reinvestment act. maintained strict confidentiality of bank records and client information maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. regulatory reporting supervisor , 11 1997 to 02 2005 company name city , state trained new team members on applying due diligence procedures and regulatory mandates. audited and documented all processes and procedures for the new accounts department. wrote procedures for internal and external auditing purposes. complied with regulatory requirements including bank secrecy act, anti money laundering, ofac, usa patriot act, privacy act and community reinvestment act. trained and directed 4 new hires during department orientations. enhanced the operational risk application to capture regulatory findings from agencies such as sec and occ. modified a comprehensive financial reporting package to reflect growing organizational complexity. maintained integrity of general ledger, including the chart of accounts. analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting. generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month. analyzed and researched reporting issues to improve accounting operations procedures. supervised and coordinated projects for external auditors and examiner evaluations. articulated audit findings, risks and detailed recommendations to upper management. reported internal control issues to management and supplied comprehensive recommendations to mitigate the associated risks. education bachelor of science accounting , 1993 rhode island college - city , state accounting skills account reconciliation, budget analysis, business processes, cash flow analysis, due diligence, external auditing, external audits, financial management, financial reporting, financial statements, financial statements, general ledger, general ledger accounts, hyperion, oracle, pivot tables, sales, trade shows