staff accountant tam bui professional summary to pursue a challenging and reward career, which will allow me to utilize my background in accounting and business environment ability to multi- task in a high paced deadline driven environment excellent in microsoft word, microsoft excel, and microsoft outlook experience in dba accounting software as well as other accounting software such as imaginary or evo software to pursue a challenging and reward career, which will allow me to utilize my background in accounting and business environment ability to multi- task in a high paced deadline driven environment excellent in microsoft word, microsoft excel, and microsoft outlook skilled accountant with experience in the manufacture industry. familiar with many accounting software such as dba, imaginary, mainframe as400 . areas of expertise include ar, ap, accounts reconciliations, gl accounts, accrual accounts, month end closing procedures. to pursue a challenging and reward career, which will allow me to utilize my background in accounting and business environment ability to multi- task in a high paced deadline driven environment excellent in microsoft word, microsoft excel, and microsoft outlook skilled accountant with experience in the manufacture industry. familiar with many accounting software such as dba, imaginary, mainframe as400 . areas of expertise include ar, ap, accounts reconciliations, gl accounts, accrual accounts, month end closing procedures. skills self-motivated conflict resolution budgeting and finance powerful negotiator strong verbal communication extremely organized self-motivated conflict resolution budgeting and finance powerful negotiator strong verbal communication extremely organized self-motivated conflict resolution budgeting and finance powerful negotiator strong verbal communication extremely organized work history staff accountant jan 2005 - current company name city , state maintain general ledger to include the preparation of journal entries, coding of invoices, accounts analysis and reconciliation, closing books monthly, balance sheet and income statement reconciliations resposible of the ar and ap processes and the timely collection of receivables and resolution of issues discrepancies file 1096 and 1099 s forms and reports with government agencies annually perform general accounting and other related duties in the daily administration of accounting department perform bank reconciliation monthly, verify all deposits, and address questions and problems from banking institutions prepares weekly cash activities and monthly cash flows forecast to help the upper management team with financial budget planning reports and bank reconciliations uses online banking tools to ensure accurate report preparation and timely identification of exception items, as necessary. assist in preparation of monthly financial reports to include preparation of monthly balance sheet and income statement prepare timecards for company payroll and other temporary agencies maintain and set up new customers vendors accounts. staff accountant jan 2005 - current company name city , state maintain general ledger to include the preparation of journal entries, coding of invoices, accounts analysis and reconciliation, closing books monthly, balance sheet and income statement reconciliations resposible of the ar and ap processes and the timely collection of receivables and resolution of issues discrepancies file 1096 and 1099 s forms and reports with government agencies annually perform general accounting and other related duties in the daily administration of accounting department perform bank reconciliation monthly, verify all deposits, and address questions and problems from banking institutions prepares weekly cash activities and monthly cash flows forecast to help the upper management team with financial budget planning reports and bank reconciliations uses online banking tools to ensure accurate report preparation and timely identification of exception items, as necessary. assist in preparation of monthly financial reports to include preparation of monthly balance sheet and income statement prepare timecards for company payroll and other temporary agencies maintain and set up new customers vendors accounts. sr. accountant jun 2017 - current company name city , state validate and process warranty royalty claim accounts for payment requests update and maintain inventory standard cost for all divisions reconcile travel expense reports and prepare check request for reimbursement prepare shipments cutoff tests for month end closing interact with internal and external clients, vendors, partners and other key stakeholders. apply best practices in credit and collections to meet business needs and objectives. reconcile commercial military customer accounts. contact customers to collect overdue accounts. report the reasons for late payments and escalate within the organization to help achieve a timely resolution. reconcile account receivables inter-company sales and prepare journal entries for month end closing staff accountant jan 2005 - current company name city , state maintain general ledger to include the preparation of journal entries, coding of invoices, accounts analysis and reconciliation, closing books monthly, balance sheet and income statement reconciliations resposible of the ar and ap processes and the timely collection of receivables and resolution of issues discrepancies file 1096 and 1099 s forms and reports with government agencies annually perform general accounting and other related duties in the daily administration of accounting department perform bank reconciliation monthly, verify all deposits, and address questions and problems from banking institutions prepares weekly cash activities and monthly cash flows forecast to help the upper management team with financial budget planning reports and bank reconciliations uses online banking tools to ensure accurate report preparation and timely identification of exception items, as necessary. assist in preparation of monthly financial reports to include preparation of monthly balance sheet and income statement prepare timecards for company payroll and other temporary agencies maintain and set up new customers vendors accounts. sr. accountant jun 2017 - current company name city , state validate and process warranty royalty claim accounts for payment requests update and maintain inventory standard cost for all divisions reconcile travel expense reports and prepare check request for reimbursement prepare shipments cutoff tests for month end closing interact with internal and external clients, vendors, partners and other key stakeholders. apply best practices in credit and collections to meet business needs and objectives. reconcile commercial military customer accounts. contact customers to collect overdue accounts. report the reasons for late payments and escalate within the organization to help achieve a timely resolution. reconcile account receivables inter-company sales and prepare journal entries for month end closing sr. accountant may 2005 - jun 2017 company name city , state maintain general ledger to include the preparation of journal entries, coding of invoices, accounts analysis and reconciliation, closing books monthly, balance sheet and income statement reconciliations resposible of the ar and ap processes and the timely collection of receivables and resolution of issues discrepancies file 1096 and 1099 s forms and reports with government agencies annually perform general accounting and other related duties in the daily administration of accounting department perform bank reconciliation monthly, verify all deposits, and address questions and problems from banking institutions prepares weekly cash activities and monthly cash flows forecast to help the upper management team with financial budget planning reports and bank reconciliations uses online banking tools to ensure accurate report preparation and timely identification of exception items, as necessary. assist in preparation of monthly financial reports to include preparation of monthly balance sheet and income statement prepare timecards for company payroll and other temporary agencies maintain and set up new customers vendors accounts. controller assistant jan 1999 - jan 2004 company name city , state worked directly with controller in preparation for monthly and yearly financial statements. assisted all the accounting field such as accounts payable, accounts receivable, prepaid accounts. bank reconciliation for monthly, quarterly, and year end. assisted on cash collection. controller assistant jan 1999 - jan 2004 company name city , state worked directly with controller in preparation for monthly and yearly financial statements. assisted all the accounting field such as accounts payable, accounts receivable, prepaid accounts. bank reconciliation for monthly, quarterly, and year end. assisted on cash collection. sr. accountant jun 2017 - current company name city , state validate and process warranty royalty claim accounts for payment requests update and maintain inventory standard cost for all divisions reconcile travel expense reports and prepare check request for reimbursement prepare shipments cutoff tests for month end closing interact with internal and external clients, vendors, partners and other key stakeholders. apply best practices in credit and collections to meet business needs and objectives. reconcile commercial military customer accounts. contact customers to collect overdue accounts. report the reasons for late payments and escalate within the organization to help achieve a timely resolution. reconcile account receivables inter-company sales and prepare journal entries for month end closing skills accounts payable, bank reconciliations, bank reconciliation, financial reports, financial statements, general ledger education bachelor of business administration degree accounting business administrative 1999 western michigan university city , state accounting business administrative bachelor of business administration degree accounting business administrative 1999 western michigan university accounting business administrative