accountant ii professional summary multi-faceted financial professional with solid and progressive experience in all facets of accounting and financial management. skills accounting and financial reporting powerful negotiator experience in cash flow management and financial ability to multitask and meet aggressive deadlines statement analysis budgeting and finance experience in account reconciliations, accruals, extremely organized gl activity, month end close, ar, ap, and billing self-motivated progressive experience in budget management, conflict resolution sec gaap compliances strong verbal communication excellent communication skills strong knowledge and familiarity with microsoft excel, word, powerpoint, superb analytical and problem solving skills outlook ability to work independently as well as within team perfect knowledge of accounting software like lawson, mas 90, settings quickbooks pro, peoplesoft, axiom, bloomberg terminal, nvision, and physically fit to work extra hours with superb imaging schedule flexibility ability to learn new software programs work history 11 2014 to 10 2016 accountant ii company name city , state performed month-end general ledger close and prepared manual journal entries. prepared balance sheet accounts reconciliation and roll forward schedules. researched and resolved reconciling items in a timely manner and informed management of any issues. prepared weekly reconciliation with supporting schedules of the fixed asset registers to the relevant accounting records, and resolved unclear items. organized and maintained fixed asset register. prepared monthly provider tax payments reviewed, analyzed, and approved invoices to determine capital fixed asset versus expense and process cpar invoices on a timely basis. performed monthly accruals schedules prepared depreciation calculation for all fixed assets reviewed for adherence to capitalization policy and, researched and resolved any related issues. ensured, calculated, and updated useful lives of all fixed assets are in accordance with company policy. performed monthly fixed assets retirement disposal obligations generated monthly depreciation of capital expenditures. supported other departments account payable purchasing to research and resolve accounting issues assisted with internal and external audit activities. worked directly with departments, clients, management to achieve result . assisted various business groups with document organization and dissemination during acquisitions. developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improvements. supported chief operating officer with daily operational functions. 11 2013 to 12 2013 senior accountant temp company name city , state assisted in the on-going development of current accounting and reporting functions. prepared consolidated monthly financial statements of various entities. led efforts in company s monthly depreciable items reports. played a major role in catching-up with preparation of vice president s expense report. compiled audit documentation. monitored and documented daily bank transactions. supported to develop capital estimation report on company s current building project. 02 2012 to 11 2013 accountant temp company name city , state maintained responsibility for accounting and financial management associated with general ledger activity, cash flow management, and financial reporting. developed accurate and reliable financial statements that aided in business decision-making. charged with account analysis reports involving bank accounts reconciliation, journal entry preparation, month end close, and preparation of monthly accruals. played a key role in preparing monthly, quarterly, and annual reporting packages closing procedures for multiple entries. prepared inter-company accounts reconciliations. researched and eliminated financial discrepancies in a timely manner. assisted in compiling of audit documentation. supported to develop ytd p l budget and actual reports including variance analysis activities. performed full range of financial analysis projects. 12 2011 to 02 2012 staff accountant temp company name city , state charged with handling general ledger reviews, bank reconciliations, and month end close. participated in balance sheet reconciliation. verified daily bank transaction reports while ensuring the financial integrity of data. performed journal entry adjustments and accruals. assisted with the field audits, preparation of audit schedules and work papers, accounts payable and accounts receivable spearheaded the development of ad hoc reports as needed. 08 2010 to 12 2011 junior accountant temp company name city , state heavily performed billing duties led efforts to track all cash flows. played a key role in streamlining billing expenses and introducing process improvements. championed efforts to reduce outstanding accounts receivable while managing collections efforts. investigated and resolved billing discrepancies performed and tracked chargebacks. pioneered the implementation of new invoicing sales code and delivery methods. ensured billings were accurately processed within specified deadlines. researched and reconciled customer accounts. 09 2009 to 07 2010 equity research analyst temp company name city , state eliminated financial statement discrepancies by making sure items were accurately entered and balanced. updated the balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement, which included pension plans, leases, contractual obligations, and debt. identified and analyzed all basic accounting related issues and determined proper methods of resolution exceeding the daily targets. prepared fundamental analysis on u.s. and european company s 10-q and 10-k that was filed with sec. 06 2009 to 09 2009 bookkeeper temp company name city , state performed accounting and finance duties associated with accounts receivable and accounts payable prepared financial reports that detailed the financial position of the company processed weekly payroll for over 20 employees worked with sales tax, states payroll taxes, and federal payroll taxes payments handled human resources queries as well as processed new hires. 04 2008 to 05 2009 operation budget intern company name city , state prepared weekly analytical pay-hour report for over 10,000 bus operator and bus maintenance employees set up variances between budget and actual retrieved from hyperion for budget modifications decided by management. analyzed and prepared special report prepared audit travel expenses report assisted supervisors with ad hoe reporting. affiliations new york state society of certified public accountants nysscpa national association of black accountants naba csi international students association abby bello education 2012 master of business administration university of phoenix - city , state 2009 bachelor of science accounting finance economics city university of new york - city , state accounting finance economics skills account reconciliations, accounting, basic accounting, accounting software, accounts payable, accounts receivable, accruals, ad, ap, ar, balance sheet, bank reconciliations, billing, billings, bloomberg, budget management, budget, capital expenditures, cash flow, cash flow statement, closing, excellent communication, decision-making, delivery, documentation, finance, financial, financial analysis, financial management, financial reports, financial reporting, financial statements, financial statement analysis, fixed asset register, fixed assets, general ledger, gl, human resources, hyperion, imaging, invoicing, lawson, managing, mas 90, microsoft excel, outlook, powerpoint, word, month end close, payroll, peoplesoft, problem solving skills, purchasing, quickbooks pro, reconciling, reporting, research, sales, tax, taxes, variance analysis