accountant ii professional summary highly analytical, results-driven tax accounting specialist who works quickly and accurately under tight deadlines. extensive knowledge of software program . skills account reconciliation specialist strong communication skills advanced bookkeeping skills superior attention to detail self-motivated professional ms office suite budget analysis work history accountant ii , 09 2013 to current company name city , state individually responsible for creating standard operating procedure manual for accounting department which is currently being used by the employees, new hires, executives and internal as well as external auditors. solely responsible for creating and maintaining a monthly statistical report that is generated through various banking transaction types, such as deposits, withdrawals, payments, different types of loans booked, transfers and the factors affecting membership at the credit union. i also analyze the report, looking for possible errors, researching the solution to the errors, correcting the errors and preparing the final report which is reviewed and utilized by the board members, the ceo and other senior staff members to make executive decisions. responsible for reconciling and monitoring complex general ledger transactions affecting assigned accounts, researching the differences and communicating outstanding items to appropriate personnel. responsible for ensuring expenses are coded to appropriate general ledger accounts and that payments are submitted to vendors in a timely manner. responsible for developing and establishing procedures to ensure adequate controls for accounting functions are met. responsible for maintaining troubled debt restructured tdrs files for auto loan, credit card loan and mortgage loan accounts and for making necessary journal entries to record the recoveries in the books. responsible for recurring journal entries. responsible for maintaining accounting records and reports to ensure compliance using current gaap principals and company policies. human resources and compliance assistant , 09 2011 to 08 2013 company name city , state assisted hr generalist in structuring and implementing new procedures and policies for benefits, incentives and new hires. maintained hr files and personnel files for 110 employees. assisted hr generalist in new hire orientation. processed payroll for 110 employees in bi-weekly basis and prepared monthly, quarterly and yearly payroll report. updated compliance programs on regular basis. maintained, assigned and tracked progress of completed course work for approximately 110 employees and 6 executives using the better value and service bvs learning management system. worked with human resource specialist, training manager and department managers to ensure staff needs are met in line with compliance department s strategic goals and federal regulatory requirements. general administrative support to the compliance training manager to include gathering statistical data and the filing of various required regulatory reports. track, record, and audit member accounts for money laundering or other suspicious account activities through use of verafin automated anti-money laundering software. accounting assistant , 10 2010 to 08 2013 company name city , state responsible for entering approved bills into accounting system and processing checks, automated clearing house ach and electronic funds transfer eft to make payments. responsible for maintaining vendors and accounts payable records including 1099 s and w-9 s. responsible for preparing weekly reimbursement vouchers for business expenses and in charge of corporate visa accounts for managers, executives and board members. responsible for processing share drafts and daily balancing of ending cash totals for all the branches. provided back up support to all the accountant positions and assisted with accounting department projects as needed. education bachelor of science accounting business administration , 5 2011 university of maryland university college, shady grove center - accounting business administration associate of arts business management , 5 2009 montgomery college - business management affiliations volunteered at the cherry blossom festival 2012 - 2013 association of government accounting aga scholarship recipient 2010 student council member, universities at shady grove 2009 - 2011 skills accounting, accountant, accounting software, accounts payable, administrative support, banking, benefits, bi, credit, electronic funds transfer, filing, general ledger, human resource, hr, ms access, ms excel, money, ms power point, ms word, payroll, peachtree, personnel, policies, progress, quickbooks, reconciling, researching, sage, strategic