hr assistant iii certifications john a. logan college 2003 - 2005 *â university of alabama at birmingham 2006 -* professional summary human resources coordinator with extensive background in payroll processing, accounting and finance. proficient in adp and quickbooks software. results-oriented human resources coordinator with 10+ years in all aspects of human resources management. highly effective communicator who excels at building relationships at all organizational levels. hr professional highly effective at verifying that all documentation is properly authorized and supported according to company policies, regulatory practices and legal requirements. hr coordinator offering well-rounded background in human resources, accounting and administration. skilled in preparing and analyzing staffing metrics and reporting. results-oriented human resources executive with broad experience in all areas of hr, including policy development, performance management and benefits administration. skills shrm - hr generalist certificate cihrg member shrm member notary public adp vantage adp recruiting jd edwards (jde) payroll 2016 certificate via fred pryor seminars all windows versions and mac os platforms. excel word access powerpoint outlook general accounting sap budgeting proficiency hr department startup regulatory compliance benefits and payroll coordination expertise in invoice and payment transactions staff recruiting and retention account reconciliation background checks exceptional organization detail-oriented analytical reasoning payroll processing ethical approach exit interviews superior attention to detail accounting and finance strong in ms access and excel time management invoice coding familiarity superb interpersonal skills benefits administration hris recruitment/staffing interviewing employee coaching performance management systems payroll administrator unemployment laws records maintenance training programs development audit preparation and reporting change management work history 05/2015 to 03/2017 hr assistant iii company name – city , state administered payroll through adp payroll system administered payroll through adp payroll system benefit coordination and administration employee purchases through pay data batch entry maintained sick leave and attendance programs developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improvements. researched and updated all required materials needed for firm and partners. analyzed departmental documents for appropriate distribution and filing. assisted various business groups with document organization and dissemination during acquisitions. obtained documents, clearances, certificates and approvals from local, state and federal agencies. 01/2007 to 01/2008 compliance coordinator company name – city , state payroll verified licensure compliance coordination per federal and state regulations for nursing requirements produced legal documents, including contracts and real estate closing statements. researched statutes, decisions, legal articles and codes. investigated facts and law of cases, using pertinent sources to determine causes of action and to prepare cases. analyzed client balance sheets for auditing purposes. contacted clients to schedule appointments and discuss the progress of cases. conducted background investigations on the defendant. 07/2017 to 12/2017 enrollment coordinator company name – city , state the enrollment coordinator processes applications for, changes to, reinstatement of, and cancellation of insurance policies. verifies eligibility requirements to meet department of insurance and medicare regulations along with standards set by the organization for individual, medicare and commercial groups enrollees. â analyze data received from various sources, to ensure accuracy of the claims and billing system. 10/2012 to 10/2013 accounts payable clerk company name – city , state generated and submitted invoices based upon financial schedule. ensured invoices and check requests for our location were processed efficiently and accurately. generated accounts payable reports for management review. utilized talents and expertise when conducting monthly closing processes, journal entries, and accruals. entered all invoices requiring payment via check or bank draft. performed administrative tasks such as recordkeeping, writing correspondence and gathering materials. successfully implemented new technologies and process automations to encourage continuous improvement. supervised invoice processing, purchase orders, expense reports, credit memos and payment transactions. skills accounts payable, adp, adp payroll, c, databases, filing, hr, jd edwards, jde, mac os, access, excel, microsoft office programs, outlook, powerpoint,windows, word, notary public, nursing, payroll, policies, project management, purchasing, recruiting, sap, scheduling, seminars, supervisor, technical support, transportation, utilities education 2005 associate of science : biology john a. logan college - city , state affiliations cihrg memberâ shrm member and graduate of generalist program