--- Page 1 ---
TERRITORY HR MANAGER
Executive Profile
Territory Human Resource Manager offering outstanding presentation, communication and cross-cultural team management skills. High-energy,
results-oriented leader who ensures a fair, diverse, and engaged workforce.
Skill Highlights
Human Resources Leadership Leadership/communication skills
Employee Relations Advising and navigating crucial conversations
Certified Strategic Workforce Planner Employee Engagement
Employee Development Wage Analysis
Performance Analysis, Coaching, Counseling Legal Compliance
Core Accomplishments
Successfully leads all Human Resource/Employee Relations functions for a 14 state Territory, with 250 stores, 25,000 Non-Exempt
Employees (peak), and 750 Exempt Employees.
Improved Employee engagement for the Territory from 77% in 2013 to 85% in 2016.
Significantly reduced risk, liability, and loss to the company through business partnerships and  providing internal solutions to Employee
relations issues.Â
Lead the industry in lowest EEOC charges along with being the lowest Territory in the company.
Effectively trained and developed leaders at all levels to effectively navigate through difficult Employee Relations Issues. Leads the
company in the highest training compliance.
Professional Experience
Territory HR Manager Oct 2010 to Current
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Serves as an advisor for managers on issues related to all discipline.
Assists in analyzing barriers to performance and devises a strategy to meet challenges regarding performance expectations.
Counsels staff and management to consistently and efficiently apply policies to people-based issues in compliance with state/federal law.
Plans, organizes and controls all human capital activities for the territory and participates in the development of workforce plans,
succession plans, talent management, and strategic direction.
Advocates direct communication for all employees and executives.Â
Mitigates risk by addressing associate concerns internally.
Acts as a liason between departments/divisions, all levels of the line and staff management, HR, legal councel and outside service providers.
Oversees talent and recruiting to ensuring adherence to Company policies/procedures and state and federal guidelines, laws, and
regulations.
Monitors HR programs and provides training/coaching throughout the process to support divisions.
Implements HR programs to support and meet business objectives.
Identifies trends and recommends actions to improve work environments based on business group workforce information.
Works with Corporate counsel in coordinating the company's legal responses related to all formal charges including but not limited to
FMLA, ADA, FLSA, DEH, OSHA, DOL, CFRA, CAPDL, DFEH, EEOC, and mediation. Â
Navigates Associate relations and builds partnerships through effective communication. Â Â Â Â Â Â
Partners with Territory, Regional and District Leaders to develop and implement strategies to support business and people initiatives.
Directs and guides Managers and Associates on issues related to morale, fair treatment, diversity, company policies and procedures and
State and Federal Employment Law. Â Â Â Â Â Â
Develops and implements strategies for improving associate engagement, commitment and retention.
Identifies trends and recommends training programs. Serves as a subject matter expert. ​
Monitors HR programs and provides training/coaching throughout the process to support divisions.
Manages projects from concept to deliverables.
Manages direct reports, systems and projects to achieve unit goals in accordance with Company policies and practices.
Provides leadership by exhibiting influence and expertise, thus affecting the results of the operating area.
Creates an effective work environment by developing a common vision, setting clear objectives, teamwork, recognizing outstanding
performance and maintaining open communication.
Develops staff through coaching, providing performance feedback, providing effective performance assessments.  Â
Strong verbal and written communication skills to include presentation and facilitation.  Â
Develop and improve processes to ensure consistency, timeliness and fiscal responsibility. Â Â Â Â
Proficient in Microsoft Office, Power Point, Excel and Word
Store Manager Mar 2000 to Oct 2010
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Manage a team of 4 Executives, 4 Assistants, 20 Supervisors, and 120 department Associates. Volume: $24 million.Â
Create an effective work environment by developing a common vision, setting clear objectives, expecting teamwork, recognizing outstanding

--- Page 2 ---
performance and maintaining open communications.
Develop staff through coaching, providing performance feedback, providing effective performance assessments and establishing
performance and development plans.
Lead overall Store Operations; interprets, directs and leads store merchandising and presentation directives to ensure standards are met.
Responsible for staffing, scheduling, and maintaining Employee availability to ensure schedules match workload.
Manage the interview and hiring process to maintain proper staffing levels.
Manage store payroll projections, productivity, and controllable expenses in relation to sales trends.
Manage direct reports, all employees, systems and projects to achieve unit goals in accordance with Company policies and practices.
Provide leadership by exhibiting influence and expertise, thus affecting the results of the operating area.ï'·
Communicate operational and sales strategy to Employees. Leads/directs Employees in the standard for Customer satisfaction
and issue resolution.
Develop high performing Employees and Team.
Maintain Employee files and documentation in accordance with Company policy / legal requirements.
Coach and counsel Employees when necessary and manage delivery of hourly training programs.
Lead Loss Prevention initiatives and inventory control programs.
Ensure Store pricing guidelines are maintained in accordance with Company / legal guidelines.Â
District Business Planning Manager - Progressive positions leading to the Multi Unit level Apr 1989 to Oct 1999
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Manage all aspects of inventory control for 2 Divisions and 16 Stores in 3 states. Volume: $110 million
Develop merchandise assortment plans to meet market by market needs and maximize sales and gross margins.
Interpret and analyze data/trends and direct Store Management through team meetings, conference calls, plan-o-grams, floor layouts,
and direct training.
Coordinate divisional training for 45 first level managers, 25 Supervisors and more than 500 Sales Associates.Â
Plan and supervise all merchandising, selling and sales promotions activities for the Women's division.Â
Advise Store Management on personnel functions, merchandising, loss prevention and customer service; communicate and ensure
compliance with company policies, procedures and programs.
Set measurable goals and objectives with First Level Management; review and evaluate performance in achieving objectives.
Organize and conduct team meetings to provide leadership and direction to motivate management and sales staff.
Open new stores; hire staff and oversee initial set-up.
Education
Bachelor of Science , Business Management 1995 Metropolitan State College of Denver ï¼​ City , State , USA
Strategic Work Force Planning 2016 Human Capital Institute ï¼​ City , State Certified Strategic Work Force Planner
Influencing Without Direct Authority 2016 University of Wisconsin ï¼​ City , State