hr specialist/ horizontal engineer professional summary passionate hr specialist with over 10 years' extensive experience in completing reference checks, preliminary phone interviews, job advertisement preparation, recruitment assistance and the like. highly skilled in performing human resource and/or clerical functions for personnel matters impacting business decisions. extremely proficient in creating, managing and administering hr systems, aligning policies and procedures with compliance laws. proven record of maintaining department's data integrity. possess positive attitude, strong organizational skills and attention to detail with accuracy. skills word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, relevant coursework theories of human communication oral communication customer service oriented resolves customer problems detail-oriented oral communication and writing skills performance management strategies employee relations treats people with respect; keeps commitments; inspires the trust of others; works manager coaching and training with integrity payroll expertise multi-tasking ability works well in group setting ability to learn quickly interpersonal skills staffing and recruiting time management professional project management budget management purchasing excellent time management proficient in ms office fast learner work history hr specialist/ horizontal engineer , 09/2007 to current company name carried out all recruitment processes including head-hunting, reaching potential candidates by telephone/email, applicants' resume screening, interviewing applicants, processed background checks, shortlisting, finalizing hiring and closing vacancies carried out employee orientations and processed new hire paperwork, ensuring compliance with company requirements on time. created, organized, updated and maintained personnel files and the hr database. managed and coordinated employee training and development programs. communicated with management and executives for creation, refreshing and/or interpreting policy changes. provided administrative support for all hr functions, including filing, copying, general correspondence and support/preparation for meetings, trainings, orientations, executive travelling, etc. analyze the information on grade stakes and placing them drive bulldozers, road graders and other heavy equipment to level earth clear, grub, strip, excavate, backfill, stockpile and push scraper with tractor crawler. developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improvements. obtained documents, clearances, certificates and approvals from local, state and federal agencies. shipping clerk , 03/2015 to current company name – city , state read customer order, work order, shipping order or requisition to determine items to be moved, gathered, or distributed or shipped. go- to person throughout site departments to answer questions and resolve issues associated with shipping processes. utilizing organizational and communication skills to train new hires on shipping operations and give progress reports to area supervisor. gathered information via sap system and checked for accurate data to give nightly reports to team as well as supervisors. lead/report specialist , 07/2014 to 01/2015 company name – city , state performed financial data analysis and implemented improved reporting tools. prepared presentations and developed project plans. automated manual data processes with help of macros. collected useful information related to customers, suppliers and industry. transformed data into charts and graphs for easier analysis and interpretation. drafted proposals and created web analytics report. performance review excerpts jocelyn works well with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services. jocelyn is open to change and new information; adapts behavior or work methods in response to new information, changing conditions, or unexpected obstacles; effectively deals with ambiguity. education bachelor of science : business administrattion , 2018 grantham university - city gpa: 3.7 coursework in speech and communication, sociology and psychology coursework in professional prospecting skills certification : human resource , 2008 ait - city skills administrative support, agency, charts, closing, coaching, communication skills, interpersonal skills, oral communication, copying, clients, customer service, data analysis, database, detail-oriented, email, employee relations, employee training, engineer, filing, financial, government, graphs, hiring, human resource, hr, interpretation, macros, meetings, excel, outlook, powerpoint, word, works, multi-tasking, organizational, payroll, performance management, personnel, presentations, processes, progress, project plans, proposals, quality, read, recruiting, recruitment, reporting, sap, shipping, staffing, supervisor, telephone, time management, writing skills additional information awards/recognition received a promotion for doing an outstanding job in the company. 2011 received recognition for being for pushing out product in the company. 2012 received $100 gift card weekly for having the highest production for the week. 2012 accomplishments process improvement created new departmental procedures manual. assessed organizational training needs. supervision supervised team with over 100 staff members.â creative problem solving: resolved product issue through consumer testing. computer proficiency used microsoft excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.