hr director summary over 20 years experience in recruiting, 15 plus years in human resources executive management, 5 years of hris development and maintenance 4 years working in a healthcare enviroment skills recruiting benefit administration fmla/eeo/flsaâ policy development hris development web page developmentâ accomplishments kansas health institute -health outcomes for the state of kansas -1999 memberships and accolades: project management institute member, shrm, chamber of commerce, 1999 friends university president's honor roll, 1997 friends university dean's honor roll, student liaison for friends university topeka (member of mother-to-mother, member of the topeka advertising federation, several production pieces created nominated for addy awards, received recognition for outstanding customer service assistance by the state of kansas travel and tourism department., ashhra, kahhr, acm. additional information: leading change -i have been instrumental in development and implementation of the adjutant general's retention research project, involving survey development and analyzing the results of the surveys to present to the adjutant general to help retain the qualified talent of the departments. i have been tasked with working with the federal security manager for the joint forces headquarters in developing policies, procedures and processes to ensure that all current and new state employees have the appropriate security clearances for the position held per the federal government requirements. while at lmis, i lead the job vacancy project and was able to produce results in less time and man hours than in years before with staff that were inexperienced in the jvc process and procedures. i have been responsible to develop, plan and implement database programs, for the last three positions i have held. these were designed to cultivate, involve, renew contact, and promote active and potential employees. these databases were used for reporting fte usage, budget management and turnover reports. while working in the healthcare field, i took the initiative in creating a local website that was used to receive and respond to requests for information and assistance in marketing and promoting the healthcare facility along with recruitment of potential employees. as human resource coordinator in the healthcare field, i managed the front office personnel, reduced contract labor costs for nursing staff and implemented a unique pay structure to increase prn staff utilization. i continually think "outside-the-box" to create and develop strategies to resolve issues faced in my work environment. in my current position, i have met and exceeded all hiring goals for the firm. this resulted in our client increasing the business transferred to our location. experience hr director 09/2016 to current company name city , state developed new website for agency, payroll processing changes, and implementation of new hris system. oversaw the employment process taking the lead role in clinician, physician and management team recruitment initiatives. developed, maintain and interpret hr policy. authored the employee handbook. provided coaching and support to management and supervisors on performance management and other related issues. maintained in-depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring regulatory compliance. evaluated and recommend changes to the employee benefits plan. oversaw day to day administration of benefits.â hr director 04/2009 to 09/2016 company name city , state develped supervisory education, shro website, shro hris system and automation of payroll processing. established and directed a comprehensive statewide human resource program for both classified and unclassified state employees/positions in the adjutant general's department. resolved non-routine hr related issues associated as they arose; reviewed documents and approved all hires and promotions; reviews and approved, modified and/or disapproved wage/salary requests to hire individuals above the pre-established minimum classified or unclassified pay rate,  reviewed any significant changes to position descriptions and determined if reclassification should be pursued; reviewed position descriptions for new positions and determined the appropriate wage range based on comparable classified position (if they exist), consulted with the tag and both military and state manager/ supervisors in order to provide technical and common sense guidance on properly addressing sensitive or complex employee and organizational issues; aided them in achieving their ever changing program goals and provided innovative ideas for staffing; served as the administration's management representative in labor negotiations with the local kape unit at the 190th fire department. hr manager/sr. recruiter 10/2003 to 06/2006 company name city , state created an hris tracking system used for recruitment. responsible for ramp up and hiring of all customer service agents, and other positions as needed. placement and development of all advertising met and exceeded all hiring goals. responsible for hiring senior management to cover such duties as: team managers, payroll, quality control. responsible for recruitment of 950 new employees, meeting and exceeded goals set. coordinated and facilitated manpower planning, recruitment and retention, career development and training, staff relations, compensation and benefits, compliance with local, state and federal statutory regulations, public programs, and regulatory audit procedures. served as a resource person to administration, mid-level management and staff regarding hr related. human resources coordinator 03/1996 to 02/2000 company name city , state developed hris database from ground up for employee records and monitoring. instrumental in reducing the use of agency staffing needs for hospital. coordinated and facilitates manpower planning, recruitment and retention, career development and training, staff relations, compensation and benefits, compliance with local, state and federal statutory regulations, public programs, and regulatory audit procedures. served as the hr resource source for administration, mid-level management and staff. coordinated hiring procedures, appraisals, pay increases, promotions, transfers, terminations, job postings, and all corrective actions; one person office, responsible for all osha, work comp, benefits, payroll, etc. education and training master's degree : information management systems 05/2005 friends university city , state , united states 3.5 credits earned: 62 semester hours information management systems bachelor of science : organizational management 05/2000 friends university city , state , united states 4.0 credits earned: 62 semester hours activities and honors topeka chamber of commerce -ambassador kansas hospital association -health care human resources member shrm -legislative liaison skills desktop publishing,â newsletter productions, database management, leadership training, osha, fmla, workers compensation. pagemaker, agency automation, back-up, benefits, budget management, corel suite, harvard graphics, access, excel, microsoft publisher, ms word,â quark express, quattro pro, strategic planning,â web page development, wordperfect