hr executive professional summary forward-thinking hr generalist highly effective at adapting to evolving market plans and the needs associated with company expansion. skills new employee orientations compensation and benefits termination procedures interpersonal skills in-depth knowledge of hr compliance good communication skill project management fast learner ms office proficient flexibility knowledgeable in all hr systems team building employee recruitment work history 11 2012 to 09 2014 hr executive company name city , state developed company personnel policies, standard operating procedures and employee handbooks. developed and facilitated all new-hire orientations. conducted employment verifications and investigations. built a comprehensive employee recruiting strategy. developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources activity. managed all aspects of leave administration, including employee notifications and vendor management, disability programs and health benefits. established and monitored employee pay scales. conducted job analysis and job evaluations, resulting in quality job specifications. developed innovative new-employee orientation programs, including safety training. updated key human resource metrics, including turnover and terminations, using reporting tools on the hrms database. shadowed employees to determine an accurate description of the duties and skills required for each position. education 2012 mba human resource crescent business school - city , state emphasis in human resources minor in systems in a study of professional in human resources certificate phr organizational training and development seminar 8.6 gpa 2006 high school computer science lady sivaswami girls higher secondary school - city , state 7.1 gpa 2010 b.e computer science engineering lord venkateshwaraa engineering college - city , state accomplishments organization design development project management compensation management international human resource management managerial behavior effectiveness system analysis design industrial project ashok leyland indian automobile manufacturing company mar 12 - apr 12 2 months developed a hr metrics including a drill to detail option, allowing users to see the people behind the numbers. integrated trends requiring intervention and facilitated for internal benchmarking incorporated the aspects of training development, reward system, benefits, motivation, corporate social responsibility safety for developing the balance score card the metric and scorecard was put into use in the ennore plant since may the same was highly appreciated by the plants core team ashok leyland indian automobile manufacturing company feb 12 - mar 12 1 month completed a project on organizational climate in ashok leyland s corporate office, guindy. prepared conducted a survey with the corporate office employees on the environment, management effectiveness, involvement, rewards and recognition commitment aspects proposed solutions for the aspects where we were lacking behind than the internal benchmarked value experience 1 year address kamakshi memorial hospital pvt ltd nov 12 - sep 14 working in the core quality team to obtain national accreditation board for hospitals healthcare providers nabh certification revamping the organizational structure redesigning effective on boarding processes and tools to facilitate the integration of new employees core team member facilitating the feasibility study of an integrated payroll package,epf,esi and all statutory compliances for the hospital employees. acting as a training coordinator cum trainer. maintaining leave records database, all employees credentials,personal records, training tracker and training calendar etc. preparation of sop s, hr manuals, join score cards,proposing salary increments,preparation of salary statement. arranging and conducting interviews, initial screening the candidates. preparing and issuing of hr offer letters,appointment letters. preparing conducting induction programme of new onboarding employees. proper training upgradation programme for the employees evaluating the effective of training programmes. preparation of kpi kra s for all the designation. attend to employee s grievances complaints provide guidance if necessary. internship sap implementation for export department studied the logistics business process in exports business of ashok leyland as core team member prepared the order to cash and make to deliver as-is process for sap implementation search engines web crawling completed a project in web crawling for faster indexing for enhancing the speed of search engines extra curricular activities completed certified associate in project management capm certification course from project management institute pmi attended therapeutic communication training. conducted a national-level workshop on work life balance to staff and non-teaching staff of crescent business school. presented a working paper on industrial relations in coca cola in vels university. attended a conference on entrepreneurship management in isbr business school as an active member of hrd club, was responsible for arranging quarterly conferences alumni meetings won the college level event in tennikoit and acted as a captain of the team. skills c, c , english, hindi, java, languages, microsoft office, sql, visual basic 6.0