--- Page 1 ---
SALES ASSOCIATE
Professional Summary
Sales professional offering nearly 4 years experience in sales and sales management in a retail setting. Specializes in men and women's wear, with
emphasis in building a solid customer base.
Skill Highlights
High-end fashion knowledge
Customer service oriented
Superb sales professional
Cash handling accuracy
Loss prevention comprehension
Retail merchandising expertise
Ability to mediate disputes
Excellent communication skills
Listening skills
Energetic
Reliable and punctualÂ
Bilingual in English and Spanish
Compelling leadership skills
Achievements
Developed highly effective sales training strategies as Sales Manager.
Lead management team to exceed monthly store sales goal multiple times as Sales Manager.
Earned an achievement in Sales for Management, averaging 20% of the stores sales per month.
Lead several departments as the top salesperson by surpassing periodical goals
Sold high end product & merchandise to elite celebrities and continued service beyond the store.
Experience
Sales Associate Nov 2016 to Mar 2017
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Described merchandise and services to customers.
Responded to safety and loss prevention incidents.
Organized in-store promotional events.
Maintained store in clean and neat manner.
Completed special client deliveries in person.
Evaluated transactions for suspected fraud.
Sales Associate/Brand Ambassador (TOPMAN) Feb 2016 to Nov 2016
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Opened credit & debit cards to customers.
Described merchandise and services to customers.
Opened and closed the store, which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits.
Collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the entire shopping and purchasing experience.
Maintained department in clean and neat manner
Arranged items in favorable positions and areas of the store for optimal sales.
Consulted with customers on the latest styles and trends.
Sales Manager/Supervisor Feb 2014 to Feb 2016
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Computed sales prices, total purchases and processed payments.
Maintained knowledge of current promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.
Operated a cash register to process cash and credit card transactions.
Guided customers in choosing items that reflected personal style and shape.
Explained information about the quality, value and style of products to Influence customer buying decisions.
Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously in a fast-paced retail environment.
Resolved customer complaints by exchanging merchandise, refunding money and adjusting bills.
Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.
Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.
Trained in negotiations and time management.
Visual Merchandiser / Sales Associate Aug 2013 to Jan 2014
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Designed displays to make the store experience interactive and engaging.
Displayed the appropriate signage for products and sales promotions.
Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.
Exchanged returned merchandise for customers quickly and efficiently.
Informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner.
Sales / Cashier Associate / Stock Person Mar 2013 to Aug 2013

--- Page 2 ---
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases.
Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.
Verified that all merchandising standards were maintained on a daily basis.