sales associate summary experienced manager at hyvee grocery store with excellent client and project management skills. action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology, executive, and business audiences. self-motivated and dependable while achieving high performance with minimal supervision. demonstrated the ability to complete tasks accurately despite interruptions and competing demands. detail-oriented and organized transportation logistics coordinator offers comprehensive background in transportation management. expert in transportation operations, waste prevention and safety compliance. hyvee with broad background, including management, customer service and general warehouse operations. vast experience in all aspects of loading and transporting materials. resourceful hyvee and retech with 2 years hyvee and retech 1year in warehouse and inventory management. specializes in increasing efficiency and accuracy in shipping and receiving operations. hyvee and retech trained in supply chain management with extensive knowledge of enterprise deployment systems. hardworking specializing in efficient loading of merchandise and on-time deliveries. versed in all operational and financial aspects of fleet management, quality control, inventory control and customer service. successful 16 year career in shipping and supply chain management. dynamic and results-oriented delivery professional specializing in business operations and transportation management. excels in organized recordkeeping and client relations. demonstrated the ability to complete tasks accurately despite interruptions and competing demands. experienced with excellent client and project management skills. action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology, executive, and business audiences. self-motivated and dependable while achieving high performance with minimal supervision. creative professional with extensive project experience from concept to development. skills quick learner operations management training and development excellent communication change management excellent communication reports generation and analysis client-focused time management skills excel in management, maintenance experience 03 2007 to 03 2008 sales associate company name city , state engage with the store team and customers to provide excellent customer service display a positive attitude and promote teamwork exhibit professionalism in appearance and conduct follow store procedures in running the cash register and take initiative in doing store tasks stock, price, and organize products maintain cleanliness inside and outside of store 06 1998 to 09 2015 crew member company name city , state maintain a fast speed of service, especially during rush times take orders from customers and input their selections into the restaurant s computer systems assemble orders on trays or in bags depending on the type of order process large orders for events count down your till at the end of each shift and deposit money in the safe clean your station thoroughly before, during and after each shift respond to guest questions, concerns and complaints and make sure they leave satisfied follow all restaurant safety and security procedures arrive on time for all shifts and stay until shift completion followed all company safety standards, including food quality and sanitation procedures. vacuumed and cleaned offices and common areas, emptied trash cans and restocked restroom supplies. safely used knives, scales, wrappers, compactors, garbage disposals, pallet jack and hand trucks. performed additional tasks to keep the dining room running smoothly. used hot water, dish cloths and sanitizing cleaning products to wipe down areas in the kitchen where food had been prepared. effectively communicated with kitchen staff regarding customer allergies, dietary needs and other special requests. greeted guests in a pleasant and courteous manner. operated check stand equipment including cash register, scanner and scale. prepared the buffet and salad bar for dinner service. delegated tasks to team members to optimize productivity. emphasized fast, friendly customer service. cleaned dishes with detergent and rinsing and sanitizing chemicals in the 3-compartment sink. conducted price checks for cashiers and service clerks. diligently cleaned, sanitized and organized food speed racks, food bins, dry storage racks and chemical storage room. greeted all customers. built attractive holiday and seasonal displays for merchandising program. hand-washed dishes and glassware thoroughly. sprayed all racked items with hot water to loosen and remove food residue. educated guests on daily specials and menu offerings, enabling them to make decisions on appetizers, entrees and desserts. maximized table turns and rotated seating for maximum guest satisfaction. devised unique events and special promotions to drive sales. promoted and endorsed the company to bring in new business. welcomed guests with a personable attitude and smile, offering to bring their beverage orders while they reviewed the menu. welcomed guests with a personable attitude and smile, offering to bring their beverage orders while they reviewed the menu. 17 years merchandising experience. fulfilled special order requests, including special occasion cakes and party platters. checked out customers and bagged items quickly. correctly calculated charges, issued bills and collected payments. maintained facility compliant with health codes, sanitation requirements and license regulations. ensured that tables were kept neat by clearing away dirty dishes, wiping down tables and refreshing soft drinks and water glasses. complied with health and sanitation practices and procedures. executed cash transactions quickly and accurately. served guests food as soon as it was prepared, which helped to ensure that it was eaten at the proper temperature. directed and managed all functions of the dairy, frozen, produce and bakery departments. stocked displays with new and transferred merchandise. routinely checked menus to verify they were current, clean and wrinkle-free. 04 2009 to 09 address ock management company name city , state resolved customer problems by investigating issues, answering questions and building rapport. collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the entire shopping and purchasing experience. directed strategic and brand-appropriate marketing initiatives to improve presentation and maximize sales. offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members. informed customers about all product lines and services offered by the company. marked clearance products with updated price tags. worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers. helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs. created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales, which resulted in a 50 increase in monthly sales. kept the showroom clean and maintained neat, orderly product displays. balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously in a fast-paced retail environment. performed assigned projects and completed checklists in an efficient and accurate manner. oversaw all daily operations received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases. described use and operation of merchandise to customers. shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations. exceeded personal sales goals for 4 quarters in a row. communicated information to customers about product quality, value and style. placed special merchandise orders for customers. opened and closed the store, which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits. recruited, hired, developed and retained retail talent for the company. built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management. educated customers on product and service offerings. maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. answered customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. completed floor replenishment to guarantee size availability and promote customer satisfaction. completed floor replenishment to guarantee size availability and promote customer satisfaction. processed shipments and maintained organized stock shelves. kept current on market and product trends to effectively answer customer questions. held each team member accountable for achieving brand and performance goals. built customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving appropriate feedback. consulted with customers on the latest styles and trends. managed team of address ore. verified that all merchandising standards were maintained on a daily basis. offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand. communicated store policy violations to the leadership team in a timely manner. unloaded trucks, stocked shelves and carried merchandise out on the floor for customers. exceeded targeted sales goals by 30 . delegated work to employees based on shift requirements, individual strengths and unique training. processed an average of 15- address rage per hour transactions each day in a timely manner. maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store. communicated merchandise needs and issues to appropriate supervisors in a timely fashion. communicated merchandise needs and issues to appropriate supervisors in a timely fashion. demonstrated that customers come first by serving them with a sense of urgency. opened and closed the store, including counting cash, opening and closing cash registers and creating staff assignments. kept an eye on building premises for loss prevention and security purposes. attended 10 team meetings each month to voice concerns and offer constructive feedback to others. processed all sales transactions accurately and in a timely fashion.. served as liaison between customers, store personnel and various store departments. answered customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing high level of customer service. compiled weekly monetary reports and records for store managers. 10 2016 to 10 2017 hand packer company name city , state safety first. understand and follow all safety procedures, utilizing appropriate safety equipment at all times. know and obey all traffic and safety laws regulations. remove chex, bloods, grade b, dirts and cracks made by the packing process. be responsible for obtaining correct boxes to pack the eggs. pack and label boxes correctly. follow standard operating procedures and good manufacturing practices. responsible for carrying out food safety and quality duties and following the sqf polices procedures as it relates to their job duties. will report any food safety and quality issues concerns to their manager and or quality team. follow all gmp s and food quality and safety guidelines. maintain a safe, clean and organized work area at all times. keeping work area safe and clean, according to haccp standards. keeping all egg cartons, sleeves flats, cubes, cases and open pallets clean and free from contamination to ensure the highest food quality and food safety. report any problems to processing management. perform all other tasks that are requested by management. 07 2017 to 10 2018 assembler tech company name city , state read and interpret drawings, diagrams, blueprints, specifications, schematics, work orders, or reports. test product to ensure conformance to specifications. set up test apparatus to conduct functional, operational tests to evaluate performance and reliability of prototype or production models. review work activities with management. perform other duties as assigned by management. hours are 6-2 30pm monday- friday. overtime often required must have mechanical assembler experience this position is responsible for lay out, build, test, analysis, repair, and modification of production components, equipment, and systems.the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. while performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to frequently stand and or walk for long periods of time throughout the day. the employee must occasionally lift and or move up to 50 pounds unassisted. visual acuity is required by this job when assembling testing electrical components. education and training 2000 high school diploma basic fort dodge high school city , state , united states 3.0 gpa 2013 diploma auto body iowa central community college city , state , united states completed professional development in auto collion completed continuing education 3.2 gpa certifications member institute of logistics and transport milt experience customer satisfaction achieved high customer satisfaction for professional installation of equipment . machine troubleshooting performed effective troubleshooting of machines systems number per week month year . purchasing maintained inventory of spare parts inventories and completed purchase requisitions as necessary. requisitioned new supplies and equipment. completed tear downs of existing structures and prepared for new construction. project management used gsupply solutions shoptrakker to manage projects. quality control identified and moved empty and broken pallets to proper areas.adhered to quality control procedures and documented quality checks. quality control identified and moved empty and broken pallets to proper areas.adhered to quality control procedures and documented quality checks. scheduling scheduled and tracked all repairs.tracked and processed purchase of parts to accounts payable. project planning provided project controls, cost estimation, and other business support services to technical line management. programming programmed general maintenance machinery including lathes and band saws. cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards. inventory control restocked and organized items as necessary and as directed. operation monitoring watched indicators to make sure machines were working properly. quality control identified and moved empty and broken pallets to proper areas.adhered to quality control procedures and documented quality checks. documentation reported and documented unsafe conditions, equipment and or injury. product inspection inspected products to ensure highest quality. vendor management saved 8 on supply costs by working closely with suppliers to ensure components met department quality standards. machine set up gave directions to other workers regarding machine set-up and use. preventative maintenance serviced equipment daily, reducing the need annual new equipment, leading to cost savings of 90,000. machine repair detected machine malfunctions and problem-solved accordingly.repaired, maintained and replaced parts on dies. equipment maintenance performed routine maintenance on equipment on as-needed basis. testing inspected and tested machinery and equipment to diagnose machine malfunctions. inspection inspected electrical systems, equipment, and fixtures to identify safety hazards for replacement or repair. crew management interviewed, hired, trained and evaluated team of 25 construction employees. safety audit led monthly safety audits to monitor employee behavior and ensure safe compliance with company policies and safety regulations. maintenance reduced equipment downtime by address anned maintenance. supervision trained contract workers to perform general warehouse duties to company standards. blueprint reading read blueprints, work orders, and production schedules to accurately determine job instructions and specifications. training responsible for providing vision and guidance to a group of 20 construction employees, training them on sufficient project plans and procedures. performed heavy labor such as lifthing up to 50 pounds and hauling. problem diagnosis used operational knowledge of systems, parts and components to solve problems that arose during assembly. highlights automated paint mixing exceptional problem solver tools maintenance quality control color matching team player dent filling demolition estimate preparation detail-oriented collision repair customer service experience surface preparation strong communication skills customer service skills strong organizational skills strong work ethic leadership construction health and safety flexible work schedule basic math skills strategic project planning labor relations blueprint reading construction means and methods osha certified blueprint reading and interpretation excellent plan comprehension power tools lifting up to 100 lbs accurate measurements and estimates timely project completion quality management systems hiring and staffing production line assembly line good at following instructions safety understanding solid communication skills blueprint interpretation osha regulatory compliance solid independent worker english fluency dependable independent worker manual labor skills strong interpersonal skills establishing goals and setting priorities deadline driven managing large crews direct labor crew training high school diploma interests racing car on the race track help my wife watching football and baseball. work on cars spend time with family languages english personal information well, i am 37 years old. born and rasied in fort dodge, ia. also, married to cassie short my wife of the 3years. but been with her for 7 years total. having a baby in april of 2019. my wife and have a dog. he is very hyper dog but a very good protector.