sales summary extremely loyal, ambitious and a hard working individual looking to leverage my high level of customer service skills to excel in a professional sales environment. experience sales january address ate care wear uniforms 2014 replenish product bins and product racks. load unload vans a various hospitals. set up retail type stores in said various hospitals. inform customers about new product. assist customers with their purchases. receiving and preparing product, maintaining the grocery floor and displays, and selling product in support of regional grocery standards. providing courteous, friendly, and efficient customer service give every customer immediate and undivided attention. surprise and delight the customers with consistent, delicious food. ensure a fresh and appealing display by keeping cases and shelves clean and well stocked by front-facing, checking codes, rotating, and removing out-of-date products. maintain accurate department signage and pricing. stock and clean grocery shelves, bulk bins, frozen and dairy case. keep grocery department clean, sweep floors and maintain sweep logs. assist with sampling program, keeping sample areas full, clean, and appealing. follow and comply with all applicable health and sanitation procedures and adhere to safe work practices. operate and sanitize all grocery equipment in a safe and proper manner. road safety 2013 controls movement of vehicular traffic through construction projects discusses traffic routing plans, and type and location of control points with superior. distributes traffic control signs and markers along site in designated pattern. directs movement of traffic through site, using sign, hand, and flag signals. warns construction workers when approaching vehicle fails to heed signals to prevent accident and injury to workers. informs drivers of detour routes through construction sites. warehouse january 2012 company name city , state memorize system pavers 30 minute sales presentation visit potential customers at their homes and helped design their dream yards and hard scape provided accurate designs, estimates and payment plans to homeowners on first visit. rancho murieta community services district 2012 performs a variety of unskilled and semiskilled labor tasks in the construction and maintenance of water distribution and wastewater collection systems, drainage systems, roads, pipelines and other district facilities works in or around hazardous electrical panels and equipment assists operations staff as needed reads residential and commercial meters maintains simple records and logs maintains districts open channels and ditch systems. january 2012 company name participates in the installation, operation, and repair of sewer mains and appurtenances as needed operate light construction equipment, tractors, and easement mowers working under direction, assist cctv assessment of sanitary sewer main lines and service lines, using mini cam and main line cameras. paragon products-el dorado hills 2011 assembly of inverters including soldering capacitors, modifying boards, assembling hardware, hi-pot testing and frequency setting. mixing and pouring of epoxy to pot electronics assemblies. validate, troubleshoot, and repair pumps using predefined pass fail criteria installs inverters on pump assemblies record completed serial numbers in macola database. relish burger bar-el dorado hills 2010 inspect, arrange, and run food in an up-tempo environment assist managers and other staff members in the upkeep of the restaurant interact with customers and ensure customer satisfaction while upselling seasonal and promotional items. red robin 2008 inspect, arrange, and run food in an up-tempo environment assist managers and other staff members in the upkeep of the restaurant interact with customers and ensure customer satisfaction while upselling seasonal and promotional items. courtesy clerk january 2008 company name maintained a neat and well organized area product orginization and stocked new products as needed responsibile for customer satisfaction. education bachelor of science degree sport management , 5 address ockton college city , state sport management associates degree 5 address ockon college, sac city college gpa 2006 academic recognition of excellence deans list-cumberland university cdl class b w tanker endorsement accolades first team, second team all- conference baseball culver 2006 academic recognition of excellence deans list-cumberland university cdl class b w tanker endorsement osha forklift certified atssa flagger certified skills assembly, hardware, customer satisfaction, customer service, database, direction, drivers, electronics, forklift, macola, works, neat, cameras, pricing, receiving, retail, routing, safety, selling, sales, soldering, troubleshoot, type, well organized