sales associate abigail fulton accomplishments demonstrated strong communication skills through extensive work with a diverse population president of academic and extracurricular organizations, preparing and overseeing the coordination of events, team captain of collegiate sports, ensuring a positive environment acquired over 20 new families to join the local swim lessons program. demonstrated strong communication skills through extensive work with a diverse population  president of academic and extracurricular organizations, preparing and overseeing the coordination of events,  team captain of collegiate sports, ensuring a positive environment acquired over 20 new families to join the local swim lessons program. professional summary enthusiastic college student, excited to explore the marketing and social media fields, possessing expertise in personal communications and cultivating human relationships. motivated customer service specialist with over 4 years of work experience in a fast-paced, team-based environment, including more than 10 years experience leading a swim and water polo teams. enthusiastic college student, excited to explore the marketing and social media fields, possessing expertise in personal communications and cultivating human relationships. motivated customer service enthusiast with over 4 years of work experience in a fast-paced, team-based environment, including more than 10 years experience leading a swim and water polo teams. skills relationship selling quick learner resolution-oriented reliable and dependable cheerful and energetic dedicated team player hard work ethic strong communication skills creative problem solver extremely organized strong client relations team leadership quick learner exceptional self-motivated communication skills strong verbal communication conflict resolution client assessment and analysis creative problem solver team leadership strong client relations exceptional communication skills quick learner self-motivated conflict resolution strong verbal communication client assessment and analysis work history 08 2016 to 12 2016 sales associate company name city , state prepared merchandise for sales floor. directed individuals to merchandise locations. suggested accessories and complementary purchases. accepted and processed returns. kept work areas clean and neat at all times. provided repeat customers with exceptional care and attention. prioritized and accomplished wide range of tasks each shift. worked collaboratively in team environment. responded to customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeable service. educated customers about the brand to incite excitement about the company s mission and values. followed up with multiple customers each week to verify that they were satisfied with purchases. cultivated a customer-focused shopping environment by greeting and responding to all customers in a friendly manner. 08 2016 to 12 2016 sales associate company name city , state performed all duties related to retail sales including performed all duties related to retail sales including prepared merchandise for sales floor. directed individuals to merchandise locations. suggested accessories and complementary purchases. accepted and processed returns. kept work areas clean and neat at all times. maintained positive customer relations in a sales environment by providing repeat customers with exceptional care and attention. prioritizing and accomplished wide range of tasks each shift. working collaboratively in team environment. responding to customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeable service. educating customers about the brand to incite excitement about the company s mission and values. following up with multiple customers each week to verify that they were satisfied with purchases. cultivating a customer-focused shopping environment by greeting and responding to all customers in a friendly manner. 03 2015 to current swim instructor company name city , state cultivated positive relationships with children and adults by interacting with them during one on one and group sessions. developed safe and effective exercise programs for swimmers with specific, individual needs. 03 2015 to current swim instructor company name city , state to head the start up of a swim lesson program for children and adults. worked with children. from age 2 to mature adults, developing professional and personal relationships. 04 2014 to 08 2016 waiter company name city , state demonstrated that customers come first by serving them with a sense of urgency. worked as a team member to provide. the highest level of service to customers. maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. shared product. knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations. 04 2014 to current waiter company name city , state planned and coordinated staff to attend and cater parties. interviewed and hired new staff members organized and created a working regiment for staff members to follow. demonstrated that customers come first by serving them with a sense of urgency. worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers. maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. 06 2017 to current customer service rep company name city , state answered an average of 20 calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new product information. greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed. politely assisted customers in person and via telephone. restocked inventory ever month and reviewed cash operation data to verify proper replenishment. ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot. monitored cash drawers in multiple checkout stations to ensure adequate cash supply. communicated all store initiatives and promotions to customers to generate return business. set up and explained new membership contracts. 06 2017 to current customer service rep company name city , state answered an average of 20 calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new product information. greeted customers entering the club to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed. politely assisted customers in person and via telephone. restocked inventory ever month and reviewed cash operation data to verify proper replenishment. ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot. monitored cash drawers in multiple checkout stations to ensure adequate cash supply. communicated all club initiatives and promotions to customers to generate return business. set up and explained new membership contracts 06 2017 to current customer service rep company name city , state answered an average of 20 calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new product information. greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed. earned management trust by serving as key holder, responsibly opening and closing store. politely assisted customers in person and via telephone. restocked inventory ever month and reviewed cash operation data to verify proper replenishment. ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot. monitored cash drawers in multiple checkout stations to ensure adequate cash supply. communicated all store initiatives and promotions to customers to generate return business. set up and explained new membership contracts. education ged san francisco state - city , state business marketing business, communications and organizational psychology bachelors degree business marketing business, communications and organizational psychology san francisco state - city , state business marketing business, communications and organizational psychology coursework in marketing and advertising, business development training 2018 communications relationship psychology, interpersonal communication american river college - city , state coursework in communications, contract law and environmental and geographical sciences. elected captain of 2017 women s water polo team elected captain of 2018 women s swim team 2018 communications communications american river college - city , state coursework in communications, contract law and environmental and geographical sciences. elected captain of 2017 women s water polo team elected captain of 2018 women s swim team skills advertising, business development, strong communication skills, dependable, marketing, quick learner, sales, active team player outside activities proficient at time management as i juggle a full academic course-load and maintain my position as an all american athlete.