--- Page 1 ---
PMC/PSM/ SALES MANAGER/ SALES ASSOCIATE
Career Focus
Performance Management Consultant with more than10 years of experience planning, developing and implementing behavioral and operationally
focused procedures to enable sales and productivity . Currently r esponsible for maximizing performance across the Corporate-Owned Retail team
in the Southwest Territory by working collaboratively with Director of Sales and Area Managers in addressing key issues sales skills, leadership
development, performance improvement, retail operations and customer engagement for the territory. I play a critical role in creating an
infrastructure that enables sustainable, measurable improvement in an evolving environment and am constantly working to improve internal
processes and efficiencies within technical systems and behavioral procedures of our associates.
Summary of Skills
Ability to clarify the nature of a problem, evaluate alternatives, propose Ability to translate the company strategy into specific goals
viable solutions and determine the outcome of the various options to ensure a focus on delivering results
Detail oriented and able to present information and ideas clearly and Strong ability to quickly understand complex issues and
concisely identify priorities
Able to review different points of view or ideas and make objective Focus on key points that can be clearly communicated to
judgments; investigates all possible solutions to the problem all levels of leadership
Able to draw specific conclusions from a set of general observations or Maintain effective cross functional relationship to drive
a set of specific facts, able to synthesize ideas and information program consistency across retail, agent, and business
Maximized efficiency and team productivity through the development of channels Â
collaborative quality initiatives Analyze business and system requirements, mange
Continually evaluated the organizations' skills and work performance to development of specifications to create and execute
identify and implement improvements detailed test plans, and verify bug fixes
Results oriented, customer-focused, respected team builder who drives Analyzed application, system, and security errors.
quality and productivity initiatives, and leads teams in business growth Escalated issues to developers and verified fixes
through operational excellence. Strong analytical, time management and problem-solving
skills
Professional Experience
Company Name City , State PMC/PSM/ Sales Manager/ Sales Associate 05/2010
Responsible for maximizing performance across Corporate-Owned Retail team in the Southwest Territory. Work collaboratively 1:1 with Director
of Sales and Area Managers in addressing key issues in operations, key performance indicators, execution of customer engagement, as well as
processes and behaviors necessary to achieve expected business results. Play a critical role in creating an infrastructure that enables sustainable,
measurable improvement in an evolving environment. Constantly working to improve internal processes and efficiencies within the technical
systems and behavioral procedures.
Assessed skill levels of associates in Retail environments and provided feedback to leaders on the effectiveness of ongoing training programs.
Suggested program improvements to increase skill levels. Worked with Leaders to develop action plans to address gaps in performance.Â
Facilitated training sessions to refresh knowledge of associates as needed in order to achieve and maintain desired sales goals. Developed
reporting metrics and deliver to management as requested. Assisted in establishing standards for performance and monitor against standards,
implementing changes when necessary. Developed knowledge of leading edge learning methods, external best practices, applications and tools.
Provide leadership and coaching to retail sales staff on selling skills, company policies and practices, performance management and career
development. Drive the achievement of store sales targets which include new customer acquisitions, sale of essentials, and sale of vertical
features in a weekly/monthly basis while achieving the highest level of customer satisfaction. Responsible for retail sales scheduling, forecasting
and reporting; including but not limited to time reporting, vacation/time off tracking, expense reporting and approvals, schedule development,
overtime management, variance reporting and explanations, cash over/short explanations, tracking report, competitive report, etc.
Company Name City , State Customer Service Lead 04/2009 to 01/2011
Management position responsible for all aspects of managing a single retail store. Has complete operation liability to achieve sales, service,
organization, customer satisfaction and profitability goals for the store in compliance with company procedures. Develops and executes short and
long-term plans to achieve goals in support of district/region strategy. Ensures the maintenance of expected operational and merchandising
standards. Ensures staff maintains store presentation and supports brand consistency. Provides effective training to staff in the areas of customer
service, product knowledge, inventory control and merchandising while offering developmental opportunities. Handles store level loss prevention
issues.
Company Name City , State Owner 10/2008 to 10/2010
Analyzed business performance against budget and goals
Developed and implemented successful business plans and strategies
Identified market opportunities and plans for effective implementation
Directed sales coverage
Completed monthly, quarterly and annual business reports and financial information
Created comprehensive training programs for all personnel
Oversees sales, inventory, shipping, human resources and other departments of the business
Company Name City , State Dispatcher 10/2005 to 10/2008 Provided support to the sales and service teams ensuring all objectives were met.
Prepared weekly sales reports for management.Responsible for customer service, including answering customer queries, problem solving and
providing information on new products. Tracked inventory and shipping/receiving of product. Received incoming service calls and scheduled and
dispatched technicians as needed. Assisted with invoicing customers.Handled customer complaints.
Company Name City , State Quality Analyst/Special Projects/Repair Representative 06/2001 to 10/2005

--- Page 2 ---
06/2003-10/2005 - Quality Analyst
Audited all orders coming from inside and outside sales offices to ensure customer satisfaction. Exceeded set quota for weekly audits by
200%. Helped create and maintain reporting guidelines for all implemented audits. Revised and formatted definitions to better enable us to
accurately audit reps. Able to audit and/or provision on all platforms utilized by Birch Telecom. Created documentation for new processes to
distribute throughout the company
09/2002-06/2003 - Install/Special Projects Specialist
Created local service requests to install new Pots lines for existing Birch customers. Statused customers on the progress of their order.Â
Successfully cleared out my queue to prevent the ETTR from running out on install orders by providing good customer service. Exceeded daily
quota 90% of days worked. Received 100% on quality audits on 99% of orders graded. Worked all Complex MAC manual orders, ex.
Loop to ground, Trunk to Pots. Researched and corrected all service address inconsistencies regarding to new install orders by issuing manual
records updates
06/2001-09/2002 - Repair Operations Representative
Received inbound customer repair issues. Used troubleshooting skills and testing system to determine correct fix agents. Worked back office
tickets by statusing end users, clearing and closing tickets, and further troubleshooting if necessary. Relayed information to the ILECs pertaining
to trouble reports. Took call takeovers in the evenings for irate customers
Skills
Coaching, Consultation, Customer Service, Data Analysis, Leadership, Leadership Development, Mentoring, Enterprise, Performance
Management, Process Improvement, Project Management, Sales, Sales Development, Telecommunication, Mircosoft Office including Visio