sales professional summary i want a challenging occupation where i can allow my innovations to expand with experience immensely. motivated customer service specialist with over 5â years of retail experience in a fast-paced, team-based environment. expertise in delivering support services and resolving customer complaints. friendly and hard working associate ready to give it all i have. skills trusted key holder fluent in english creative problem solver fluent in spanish exceptional communication skills calm under pressure ms windows proficient analytical thinker quick learner powerpoint presentations strong client relations excellent interpersonal skills proficient in cash management natural leader strategic sales knowledge composed cash flow management crisis communication multi-line phone talent superior verbal and written communication skills team player flexible schedule reliable computer-savvy goal-oriented organized decisive work history sales 08/2014 to current company name – city described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise. earned management trust by serving as key holder, responsibly opening and closing store. politely assisted customers in person and via telephone. communicated with vendors regarding back order availability, future inventory and special orders. effectively communicated with and supported sales, marketing and administrative teams on a daily basis. answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions. scheduled weekly inventory pickups and deliveries with vendors. set up and explained new membership contracts. overnight cashier 02/2014 to 09/2014 company name – city , state maintained cleanliness and presentation of stock room and production floor. managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently. investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in a timely and empathetic manner. scored in top 10% of employees in successful resolution of issues restocked inventory ever month and reviewed cash operation data to verify proper replenishment. folded and arranged garments in attractive displays. learned, referenced and applied product knowledge information. seasonal overnight stocking 10/2013 to 01/2014 company name – city , state loaded truck and properly secured items to prevent damage during transportation. demonstrated use and care of merchandise. helped customers with questions, problems and complaints in person and via telephone. stocked shelves and supplies and organized displays. organized store merchandise racks by size, style and color. led merchandise selection, pricing, planning and marketing. rotated manufacturer products as needed. removed damaged, out-of-code, not-in-set and discontinued items from displays. loaded and unloaded merchandise using a ladder and pallet jack. partnered with sales representatives and managers to coordinate delivery and merchandising schedule. customer service representative 06/2013 to 06/2014 company name – city , state answered an average of 200 â calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new information. earned management trust by serving as key holder, responsibly opening and closing theater. politely assisted customers in person and via telephone. assisted customers with food selection, inquiries and order customization requests. developed reputation as an efficient service provider with high levels of accuracy. designed displays to make the theater experience interactive, engaging and reassuring. education associate of arts : current miami dade college - city , state 3.0 gpa member of the supernatural movement club coursework in accounting, finance and statistics high school diploma : 2013 miami senior high school - city , state accomplishments customer service consistently received positive feedback from guests and created repeat business by developing long-term relationships with customers. handled guest complaints, maintaining a positive dining experience for all rest. monetary transactions handled cash, check, credit and automatic debit card transactions with 100% accuracy. telephone service professionally processed 80+ calls per day, providing information and service to ensure customer satisfaction. skills customer service, bilingual: spanish & english, financial management, marketing, microsoft word, presenting, sales, basic computer knowledge additional information customer service award from life 4 cars inc. employee of the month at walgreenâ employee of the month at amc theater 24