--- Page 1 ---
SALES REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
Bi-lingual,efficient service teams. Skills Hard working ,Friendly and enthusiastic able to learn new tasks Customer and Personal quickly,represent
establishment with friendly, professional matters at Service all times.Â
Experience
Sales Representative Oct 2017 to Oct 2017
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Cashier , selling lottery tickets to customers.
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting and responding to information asked.
Doing basic mathematics , adding , subtracting and multiplying.
Handing money and prices.
Front Desk Receptionist Dec 2015 to Aug 2016
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
â​​ Greet persons entering establishment and direct them to specific destinations.
â​​ Operate telephone or forward calls, taking messages, or scheduling reservations.
â​​ Receive payment and record receipts for services. â​​ Hear and resolve complaints from customers.
â​​ Transmit information or documents to customers, using computer, mail, or facsimile machine.
â​​ Collect, sort, distribute guest mail.
â​​ Enroll individuals to participate in our hotel rewards program.
â​​ Calculate and quote rates for hourly,weekly rates.
â​​ Perform duties, such as straightening magazines to maintain lobby or reception area clean.
Room Service Dec 2015 to Aug 2016
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Take food orders and relay orders to kitchen staff.
Place food servings on plates or trays.
Examine trays to ensure that they contain required items.
Stock service stations with items such as ice, napkins, or straws.
Remove trays and stack dishes for return to kitchen after meals are finished.
Total checks, present them to customers, and accept payment for services. Determine where guest would like to eat their meals and help
them get situated.
Clean or sterilize dishes, equipment.
Team Member Jan 2015 to Dec 2015
Company Name ï¼​ City , State
Train workers in skills such as taking orders, communication, Observe and influence guest behavior, communicating and interacting with
them.
Primarily serve and prepare food for customers Cleaning work stations and answering questions about menu items, policies, and services.
Education and Training
Associate Of Arts Mar 2016 Tint School of Makeup & Cosmetology Grand ï¼​ City , State Nail Technician
High School Diploma Jul 2015 Moises E. Molina High School ï¼​ City , State
Skills
Critical Thinking, facsimile machine, mail, policies, reception, scheduling, taking messages, Technician, telephone, Time Management