sales associate summary to further my career in sales, customer satisfaction and grow in business development. highlights established track record of exceptional sales results bi-lingual compelling leadership skills exceptional customer service skills trained in business development accomplishments awarded 4 times best sales representative on a row in 2014,awarded customer services excellence twice in 2014 and awarded top sales rep for 2015 experience sales associate september 2017 to current company name city , state exceed sales goals by up to address rategic sales tactics generate new leads by creating professional relationships within the otf community, as well as business to business and community outreach.  going above for my clients as it relates to our member s experience ensuring that members and potential members have a positive and lasting experience assisting the studio manager with keeping the team, clients motivated and smiling friendly positive environment increasing revenue in retail for the studio and exceeding retail goal on a monthly basis conducting telephone calls, following previous prospects and new joins proper on-boarding all otf clients by utilizing the client in take form, proper hand on  and hand off with coaches sales representative july 2016 to september 2016 company name city , state established new customer accounts. updated database with customer and sales information. generated high volume of referrals. cold-called prospective customers to build relationship residential sales specialist january 2013 to january 2016 company name city , state responsible of selling tv cable, internet and phone services onsite properties. increase penetration to 97 on revenue on multiple properties. internet and phone services install. managing vip and major customer s accounts upsold add-on services to existing customers, generating incremental revenue. trained sales teams on educational products at seminars and special events. worked closely with company executives to identify new business opportunities, securing. prepared monthly commissions payroll reports for 10 sales representatives. answered customers questions about products prices, availability, uses and credit terms. developed and executed annual sales plans and strategies for miami and west palm territory. monitored market conditions, product innovations and competitor activity, and adjusted account sales approach to address latest market developments. education media production not yet graduated. 2004 the art institute of ft. lauderdale city , state high school diploma 2002 coconut creek high school city , state academic high school graduate languages fluent in spanish skills billing, credit, customer service, experienced in filemaker, managing major accounts, vip customers, media production, managing new construction properties, great selling skills, supervisor and exceptional customer services skills.