sales consultant professional summary customer follow-up ensured that customers were satisfied with company products and services by doing purchase follow-up calls. sales consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. motivated sales professional offering 6 years of progressive retail experience. highly result oriented and energetic with unsurpassed interpersonal and communication strengths. skilled sales associate with 6 year track record of success. maintained professional and calm demeanor under pressure. thrive in high volume environments where knowledge, composure and interpersonal abilities are keys to success. retail sales professional versed in product placement and merchandising. extensive experience in inventory management and shipment processing. punctual retail sales professional focused on exceeding expectations and building customer loyalty. flexible schedule and strong mathematical aptitude. enthusiastic, outgoing and fashion-savvy sales associate proficient at building positive relationships with new and existing customers by offering superior customer service. retail sales associate with more than 6 years in the retail industry. areas of expertise include sales, customer relations and inventory management. skills stocking shipment processing personable employee relations career overview merchandising i am a dedicated customer service representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to understanding company success. product results-driven customer services representative with proved ability to establish rapport with clients. highly knowledge enthusiastic customer service representative with 4 year s client interface experience. contract the best parts of the jobs i have worked is the amazing feeling of closing a big sale and making the preparation customer feel comfortable and confident multi-tasking core strengths strength inventory control customer customer service service focus top sales performer active listening strategic sales skills conflict resolution customer- credit card processing oriented creative problem solver flexible consistently meets sales goals schedule credit card transactions professional retail sales demeanor computer literate high energy natural leader relationship skilled problem solver building motivated team player interpersonal skills upselling techniques merchandising pos systems knowledge work history sales consultant company name city , state left for a better opportunity at zimmer brothers. identified prospects needs and developed appropriate responses along with information on products and services that would be suitable. 01 2005 to 01 2008 sales consultant company name city , state i worked hard in this high end jewelry store. i worked hard in this high end jewelry store. i absolutely found my dream job i studied at gia i have about 6 certifications like diamond essentials, diamond and diamond grading, diamond lab class, gem essentials also i am an ags certified sales associate. i went back this past december in 9 days i sold 25,000 . when i was there full time i would have 100,000 in sales for that month. i am so passionate about this career and am looking for a bigger company as they are family owned. i sold rolex watches. hearts on fire diamonds, lazare kaplan diamonds, plus much higher end jewelry i described the products to the customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise. i recommended, selected and helped locate and obtain out-of-stock product based on customer requests. i worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning while providing excellent customer service. i assisted customers in person and via telephone. i communicated with vendors regarding back order availability, future inventory and special orders. generated sales and inventory reports in excel with data from a variety of sources, maintaining a 100 accuracy rate. i interacted with customers and retail buyers to follow-up on shipping statuses and expedited orders. i also came up with events for our clients as far as a special showcase of colored diamonds. most important i love and value the company and the clients and love the business. i came back during december 2011 for the holiday season. floral helper company name city , state sabellicos greenhouses and flower shop. worked as assistant in flower shop, cut clean flowers. cleaned buckets delivered, floral sales, use of dove pos computer system, also did a little floral design i am familiar with the greens and fillers. i worked with garden roses, sweetheart, spray, rio, long stem short stem. i also worked with aster, eucalyptus, bells of ireland i also worked with carnations mini carns, the chrysanthemum family. mums, spider mums,pompons,peonies,dendrobiums,freeshias,snap dragons, gerber daisies, kale hydranges,lily s stargazers, pink oriental,asiatic,white oriental orchids and de pollinated them. i worked a couple of weddings, i am familiar with funeral work casket covers oasis hearts cross cones and grave blankets. 02 2015 to 11 2017 sales associate company name city , state i do take extra time whenever i can. we work with simon g, alawand vahan, cheri dori, dia dori, pandora, charles garneir and also charles krypell. i do all insurance appraisals and fair market appraisals the owner checks them and gives a value i estimate weights, stone identifications color and clarity s. i also take care of our constant contact which has gone from 80-295 in less than a year. i also introduced the charles krypell jewelry line and after a lot of thought the owner took my advice and brought the line in. i do case displaying pick out advertising sales reporting inventory everything that goes along with having full responsibility for that line. i also take the time to inspect all jewelry that the customers ask me to clean whichbrings us a lot of money in repairs. i love what i do its more than just a job to me it s a passion. 11 2016 to current sales associate company name city , state prepared merchandise for sales floor. directed individuals to merchandise locations. suggested accessories and complementary purchases. accepted and processed returns. wrote, negotiated and finalized sales contracts. kept work areas clean and neat at all times. alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions. shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store s efficiency. used time efficiently when not serving customers, including folding clothes and cleaning out fitting rooms. resolved all customer complaints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction. verified that all customers received receipts for their purchases. followed merchandising guidelines to present visually appealing displays. mentored new sales associates to contribute to the store s positive culture. fostered a positive work environment by consistently treating all employees and customers with respect and consideration. communicated clear expectations and goals to each team member. cultivated a customer-focused shopping environment by greeting and responding to all customers in a friendly manner. recognized and rewarded outstanding work performance to cultivate a positive and collaborative customer service culture. worked with the management team to implement the proper division of responsibilities. strategically scheduled team members to maintain optimal staffing levels at all times. supervised and directed all merchandise and shipment processing. actively pursued personal learning and development opportunities. answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an appropriate manner. determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses. maintained established merchandising standards, including window, sales floor and promotional displays. preserved a perfect attendance record for 8 months. education 2004 high school high school diploma john jay - skills advertising sales, ask, cashier, closing, color, excellent communication, conflict resolution, creative problem solver, credit, clientele, client, clients, client relations, customer satisfaction, customer services, excellent customer service, customer service, database, inspect, insurance, inventory, inventory control, managing, market, excel, money, pick, pos, fast learner, rapport, repairs, reporting, retail, sales, shipping, strategic, telephone, phone, visual displays gia education diamond essentials certification graduate diamond certification diamond grading lab certification diamond and diamond grading certification colored stone essentials certification