--- Page 1 ---
SALES COORDINATOR
Summary
Looking for a position as an illustrator in a company where my knowledge and skills can be utilize and enhance.
Highlights
Microsoft Word,
Excel,
Time Management
Photoshop CS6
Strong design sense
Internet savvy
Highly organized and quick learner
Conceptual thinker
Creative and Artistic
Strong leadership abilities
Team player.
Accomplishments
Obtain high position in military to implement certain skill sets to work well with people in everyday life
Experience
03/2016 to Current
Sales Coordinator Company Name ï¼​ City , State  Able to operate material handling equipment (e.g. hand truck, pallet jack, forklift, etc.).
 Tint paint, and match colors when applicable. Operate a computer and communicate via the telephone, although slightly hearing impaired. Poses
great customer service skills, including problem solving and handling customer complaints. Â Good written and verbal communication skills. Â
03/2016 to Current
Security Guard Company Name ï¼​ City , State Secures premises and personnel by patrolling property; monitoring surveillance equipment;
inspecting buildings, equipment, and access points; permitting entry..Prevents losses and damage by reporting irregularities; informing violators of
policy and procedures; restraining trespassers.Controls traffic by directing drivers.Completes reports by recording observations, information,
occurrences, and surveillance activities.
02/2008 to 02/2016
Maintenance chief Company Name ï¼​ City , State
In charge of the daily Maintenance operation of preventive and corrective services for all of Alameda's/Hawaii Amphibious equipment
Record keeping of twenty 55 horse outboard engines.
Managed 9 people to effectively implement their positions
Education
1 2012
General Education Santa Rosa Junior College ï¼​ City , State
Bachelors : Fine Art Academy of Art University ï¼​ City , State
Fine Art
Skills
Experience of 4 years in the field of designing as an illustrator
Proven ability to design layouts, logos and web sites
Profound ability to plan, organize and manage the projects
Sound knowledge of the advance technologies and designing techniques
Exceptionally good communication skills
Additional Information
Sea Service Deployment
Marines Corpse Good Conduct Medal t
NATO Medal - ISAF Afghanistan
Global War on Terrorism
Afghanistan and Campaign National Defense Service Medal.