sales associate skills motivated seller customer service oriented attention to detail quick learner retains information with ease commitment to professionalism persuasive communicator summary motivated strategic sales professional with three years of experience. focused, driven and detail oriented with great communication skills. works well as an independent associate or in a team environment. looking to join a team of hardworking individuals working towards the same goal. experience 10 2015 to current sales associate company name city , state helped lead the store to a 15 increase for both years employed. approach browsing customers and initiate conversations to determine buying preferences. recommend specific styles based on customers footwear needs. properly took measurements of the customers foot and inquired about any ailments. recommended additional items to increase sales and multiples. provided a level of customer service regardless of difficultly level. consistently in the top for sales each month and kept perfect numbers . maintained contact with regular clients and often requested by name. 12 2014 to 10 2015 bridal consultant company name city , state used active listening skills as well as knowledge of merchandise to select dress options for brides, and provide feedback to encourage them to purchase. maintained communication post-sale with brides to continue building rapport and ensure optimal customer service. consistently delivered 5- address an goals for length of employment. knowledgeable in bridal fashion, specifically with maggie sottero, casablanca bridal, david tutera bridal, the dessy collection, alfred angelo, bill levkoff, mori lee. accurately measured and sized, brides and bridal party using various designer size charts. excelled assisting non-traditional customers. 06 2010 to 12 2014 waitstaff company name city , state generated top sales 2000 per evening by marketing nightly specials during high volume days fridays, saturdays and sundays trained new server staff brand operations, restaurant compliance and customer expectations. one of two head trainers. successfully promoted additional drink and menu items to guests to increase product sales. educated existing employees when new standards were rolled out. assured customer happiness through friendly, competent service ensure servers have performed end of night duties accurately. education and training address evens high school city , state , usa business management black hills state university city , state , usa