--- Page 1 ---
DIGITAL MEDIA BUYER
Professional Summary
Versatile digital marketerÂ bringing
Highlights
SproutSocial
Pay Per Click (PPC)
Hootsuite
Google Adwords
Marin Software
Google Analytics
Drupal
Content Marketing
WordPress
Social Media Marketing - Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram
HTML
ROI Reports
Optimizely
MS Office - Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Outlook
Landing Page Management
PPC Bid Management
A/B Testing
Lead Generation
Multivariate Testing
Mobile Marketing
Content Writing
Video Marketing
Blogging
Experience
Company Name City , State Digital Media Buyer 03/2016 to Current
Oversees and co-manages PPC campaigns across multiple search engine platforms for three beauty school directory websites.
Creates, implements, and manages all organic social profiles and paid social campaigns (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, etc.)
strategies for beauty school directory websites.
Organizes and creates monthly blog and photo content for social profiles and blog site.
Partners with Creative Director to create original content and to promote new brand across social platforms.
Successfully increased brand awareness on Instagram and increased follower growth by over 400% within the first month of managing
social account.
Attends online and local marketing seminars to actively keep up with industry changes and trends.
Company Name City , State Digital Media Buyer 11/2014 to 03/2016
Managed over 10 different education clients' paid social media and paid search accounts across multiple platforms.
Effectively budgeted and managed over $500,000 per month in client money to implement throughout search and social campaigns.
Consistently hit client lead goals and CPI goals each month with each client's given budget.
Created and delivered paid social and paid search strategy performance reports for clients and senior management.
Communicated directly with client services team and clients regarding account management and performance.
Company Name City , State Sales Associate 06/2014 to 10/2015
Created and managed social media accounts across multiple platforms.
Helped increase brand awareness and advertised product promotions to current customers.
Education
Bachelor of Arts : Communication Business University of Missouri , City , State Communication Business
Skills
account management, photo, budget, content, CPI, Creative Director, client, clients, Drupal, senior management, HTML, Internet Marketing,
managing, marketing, Excel, money, MSOffice, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Page, seminars, strategy, websites, Content Writing