senior digital marketing specialist summary digital marketing professional experienced in seo, ppc and account management. knowledgeable about conversion rate optimization, content marketing, analytics and proficient in wide variety of seo ppc tools. highlights excellent written and verbal communicator microsoft office suite superb time management skills desktop publishing software cross-functional team leadership graphics editing software focused and driven web analytics software skilled multi-tasker project management software social media management tools results-oriented user experience ux design principles, deadline-driven content management systems cms self-directed html and css knowledge detail-oriented customer service-oriented account management quick learner digital marketing self-motivated professional search engine optimization search engine marketing experience 03 2015 to current senior digital marketing specialist company name city , state 01 2014 to 11 2014 senior seo specialist company name city , state applied ethical seo best practices when performing tasks such as keyword research, competitive analysis, content optimization, meta tag creation, alt tag creation and social media optimization. analyzed, reviewed and implemented changes to improve organic search and page rank of client b2c websites. claimed business listings and provided location data syndication to data aggregators. implemented website migrations, 301 redirects, sitemaps, robots.txt file, and fixed 404 errors. digital copywriter developed grammatically sound, benefit driven and search engine friendly content for global client b2c websites. produced unique and engaging content marketing pieces for cross-channel partners that featured or supported liveedit s saas product and service offerings. created and maintained online product user guides for the aurora by liveedit cms interface, and best practices documentation to guide internal implementation. managed and maintained the organization s website and social media accounts google , linkedin, facebook, twitter by linking relevant information together and adding photos and graphics as appropriate to keep visually appealing and engaging. 06 2013 to 02 2014 lead project manager company name city , state managed and mentored a team of project managers. set and continually managed project expectations with clients, delegated tasks and responsibilities to appropriate team members. coordinated production trafficking from start to finish, including client onboarding, the development and distribution of project information, design, integration, content entry, seo, quality assurance, training and launch. 01 2013 to 06 2013 digital copywriter contractor company name city , state developed grammatically sound, benefit driven and search engine friendly content for liveedit s global client b2c websites. produced unique and engaging content marketing pieces for cross-channel partners that featured or supported liveedit s product and service offerings. created and maintained online product user guides for the aurora by liveedit cms interface, and best practices documentation to guide internal implementation. 06 2009 to 05 2012 communications and membership coordinator company name city , state wrote copy, edited, designed, and distributed news releases, print and electronic newsletters and educational outreach materials on a variety of water related issues. managed and maintained the organization s website and social media accounts linkedin, facebook, twitter by linking relevant information together and adding photos and graphics as appropriate to keep visually appealing andengaging. managed donor database and electronic list serv by maintaining accurate records of donors, their gift histories and electronic subscription preferences. managed all special event and tradeshow promotion, operations, expenses and logistics including volunteer management, logistics, sponsorships, event budgets and analytics tracking of event roi. 06 2009 to 06 2009 marketing assistant company name city , state established effective working relationships with clients, government officials and media representatives. managed internal communications, including production and management of print and electronic newsletters. identified and qualified new candidate leads through prospecting, cold calling, networking, referrals, targeted emails and direct mail. coordinated administrative processes associated with recruiting hiring, including resume reviews, scheduling interviews, processing correspondence, documenting candidate activity, coordinating new hire activities, handling confidential material, and facilitating required background screens. supported agency managers with calendar management, tracking of recruiting budget, maintaining filing systems, answering and screening phone calls. education 2002 bachelor of science mass communications st. cloud state university city , state certifications google adwords certified professional - valid through february 2017 google analytics individual qualification - valid through september 2016 skills independent self-starter with analytical and statistical skills passion for data-driven decision making strong organization and time management skills handles multiple projects and details simultaneously excellent oral and written communication skills communicates and collaborates cross-functionally possesses an unquenchable thirst for learning and an insatiable hunger for self-improvement