digital marketing coordinator skills professional summary digital marketing coordinator skilled in leveraging the power of blogs, online communities and social media platforms to increase brand awareness and boost brand loyalty. seo optimization expert adept at creating highly-targeted web content that drives inbound traffic. core qualifications strategic media placement creative content media relations special events planning 5 years customer service sales experience. wordpress google analytics adwords certified adobe photoshop budget planning reports generation and analysis seo sem experience digital marketing coordinator 12 2016 to current city , state identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of company objectives and market trends. managed all social media programs, including online reputation, blogs, and social networking. planned and managed monthly budgets. developed marketing strategies and campaigns each month. maintained and updated websites. increased following by over 400 . sales customer service representative 02 2015 to 02 2016 company name city , state described use and operation of merchandise to customers. received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases. exceeded targeted sales goals by 30 . placed special merchandise orders for customers. shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations. worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers. 03 2011 to 01 2013 company name city , state achieved high sales percentage with consultative, value-focused customer service approach. earned top seller for four consecutive times. worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning. expressed appreciation and invited customers to return to the store. education and training bachelor of arts communications cinema arts. communications, english and journalism 2016 vanguard university city , state , usa communications cinema arts. communications, english and journalism advanced coursework in public relations. wrote and proofread many articles, press-releases, and scripts. produced several student-films. best film 2015 academic achievement award. skills adobe photoshop, approach, budget planning, budgets, cashier, content, credit, customer service, special events, google analytics, marketing strategies, market trends, marketing, media placement, media relations, networking, optimization, press-releases, public relations, sales experience, sales, scripts, social media platforms, strategic, web content, websites, articles