vice-president data and marketing technology professional summary i help media companies succeed with digital products and customer experiences. my passion is helping people and organizations transform, grow, and thrive with a unique mix of strategy, marketing, product, and technology leadership. this expertise has been developed over twenty years spent building successful digital businesses and products - across the world. skills team leadership staff development budgeting and finance strong verbal communication process implementation extremely organized project management work history 04 2017 to current vice-president data and marketing technology company name city , state driving evolution of the firm into a data-driven marketing company, leading the design and delivery of data-driven products, services, strategies, and platforms. setting the strategy and direction for a newly formed data division while hitting ambitious growth targets. leadership of in-house startup orchestrate, which is a marketing funnel automation and lead nurturing platform for b2b markets that capitalizes on content marketing. leading full life cycle product development for data data-driven products, including market research, positioning, processes, and technology. acting as product owner for data and martech across all platforms in our agile processes. ensuring compliance with data privacy legislation functioning as data protection officer. 03 2011 to 03 2017 vice-president digital media company name city , state responsible for shaping and executing product vision and strategy and driving digital business transformation. led product management, digital marketing, and digital strategy. responsible for 35 reports, budget of 5 million, 100 web sites, 80 mobile apps, matrix p l owner for 25 million digital business. led product development, market research, digital strategy, internal digital consulting, web production, online marketing, video production, and directory management. founded and co-led an in-house business startup at the junction of marketing technology, machine learning, and data. led extensive market research and co-wrote business plan. key contributor to the company s strategic plan known as vision 2020. led digital sales to 10x increase over a five-year period, grew traffic 4x. drove cms implementation projects to move 100 web sites to new cms. 11 2007 to 03 2011 director of product management company name city , state in this role, i built a world-class product management organization focused on customer-driven innovation. designed and implemented a new product development process which improved strategic alignment and sped the flow of new products through the pipeline, as well as leveraging innovation across all divisions. grew digital sales 60 and web traffic 50 the first full year in position, with strong 50 annual growth the following two years. led digital product sales growth of 10x in eight years. developed key metrics to drive the strategic and tactical goals and managed a product portfolio across multiple vertical markets. drove implementation of agile product development processes that improved quality results. 01 2005 to 10 2007 global process expert senior manager crm company name city , state drove major initiatives for database marketing, crm, market sensing, data quality, and lead management resulting in significant sales growth and strategic advantage. led sales process initiative to integrate a new division of 500 salespeople that resulted in significant business improvement and sales increases. responsible for driving positive change and measurable improvement of marketing and sales processes in north america, including implementation across 1,100 salespeople and multiple it systems. owned customer data and related processes, led improvements in data gathering, creation, and sourcing processes resulting in achievement of hilti s top rating globally in data quality. 03 2002 to 12 2004 global e-business channel manager company name city , state 07 2001 to 08 2002 global e-business implementation manager company name city , state global product owner for e-commerce, led global product development, marketing, and implementation for 15 major e-commerce web sites as well as e-procurement. achieved 2004 revenue target of address ove annual growth exceeding address raight years. developed and implemented e-business project portfolio process that identified, prioritized, and measured business opportunities, resulting in address rage project delivery time and increased roi. increased customer retention rate 40 and conversion rates over 30 by developing and executing online personalized marketing, grew traffic by 100 via seo efforts. 01 1999 to 06 2001 e-products marketing manager company name city , state spearheaded market research, design, requirements, prototyping, and implementation of company s first second generation e-commerce sites, established and managed ten-person e-commerce department. awarded hilti north america s leadership award for exemplifying the company s leadership principles. 01 1997 to 12 1998 sales manager company name city , state led sales team of ten salespeople, achieved president s club in 2 consecutive years. 05 1993 to 12 1996 inside sales representative company name city , state skills agile, automation, b2b, budget, business plan, business startup, cms, consulting, content, conversion, crm, database marketing, delivery, direction, driving, e-commerce, e-business, full life cycle, innovation, leadership, machine learning, market research, marketing, market, marketing and sales, new product development, online marketing, positioning, processes, procurement, product development, product management, prototyping, quality, sales, strategy, strategic, unique, video production, vision, web sites, web production education may 2001 master of business administration marketing oklahoma state university - city , state marketing december 1997 bachelor of business administration finance northeastern state university - city , state finance