director of donor relations professional summary dynamic leader, with outstanding experience in major gifts, fundraising, event management, donor relations, government and community relations, public relations and marketing, board management and development, and strategic planning. adept at motivating and leading staff and promoting an entrepreneurial spirit that thrives through discipline and pragmatic thinking. skills strong verbal communication extremely organized budgeting and finance client assessment and analysis project management team leadership process implementation self-motivated work history 03 2016 to current director of donor relations company name city , state montclair state university s office of advancement is tasked with raising funds to further the university s commitment to educate a diverse community of learners through alumni and friends of the university. responsible for three direct reports as well as a 1.2 million dollar fundraising budget. responsibilities include designing, implementing and coordinating an institution-wide comprehensive donor relations and stewardship program that consistently engages and appropriately promotes donors at all levels as well as managing key fundraising events. accomplishments managed and achieved 100 of annual golf outing goal by engaging more sponsors and reducing costs through collateral cost reduction. managed and achieved 133 of annual scholarship dinner goal, this was done by engaging vendors as sponsors and managing the budget more efficiently, as well as implementing new ways to recognize sponsors. implemented efficiencies to manage acknowledgement policies and procedures across the division and university that were essential for a comprehensive donor relations program. designed, documented, and implemented a systematic and integrated donor relations program that encompassed donor cultivation and recognition events, endowed position installations, and building naming dedications. responsible for devising and using consistent, accurate, and appropriate information-sharing mechanisms for stewarding prospects and donors. 09 2014 to 03 2016 director of development company name city , state as a roman catholic, college preparatory school under the auspices of the archdiocese of newark, iha is committed to graduating savvy, critical thinkers who are confident, independent women are prepared for their futures. responsible for 1.2 million dollar department fundraising budget, including participation in budgeting process and monitoring of revenue and expenses. managed annual fund, capital campaign, scholarship, marketing initiatives, and stewardship programs and established metrics for review. accomplishments modernized iha s external brand recognition, to include new admissions materials, development materials, stewardship report and brand guide. manage a staff of 2, who are responsible for donor recognition, acknowledgement process as well as prospect research. reengineered annual fund program, increasing net revenue by 45 designed and implemented long-term advancement plan, including strategies related to the cultivation, solicitation, acknowledgement and ongoing stewardship of individual, corporate and foundation donors and campaigns for capital projects. outfitted new stem classrooms with grant donations from konica minolta achieved 100 of annual capital campaign goal for fy15 instituted alumnae giving program, as well as reunion giving amongst classes, achieved over 100 of initial goal. manage a portfolio of 250 major gift prospects and have achieved 100 of fy15 goal on target to achieve fy16 goals. 10 2013 to 09 2014 donor relations manager company name city , state saint peter s university s office of advancement is tasked with raising funds to further the university s jesuit catholic identity and commitment to educate a diverse community of learners through alumni and friends of the university. responsible for 250,000 individual fundraising budget, including participation in budgeting process and monitoring of revenue and expenses. managed scholarship reporting, capital campaign, and event programs and established metrics for review. oversaw all aspects of donor stewardship, scholarship endowment, portfolio of 100 prospects and management of the board of regents. accomplishments increased board of regents participation within the following priorities regents symposium, sponsorships, scholarships, mentorship, and internship opportunities. liaised with office of admissions on their behalf. managed a major gifts portfolio of 100 and achieved 100 of phone individual, corporate and foundation goals. developed a system to customize relationship management for leadership-level donors, with particular oversight of the university s top 25 vip donors. work with lgos to ensure these donors receive appropriate levels of stewardship reporting, recognition and guidance with respect to their interactions with the university. managed all donor scholarships, to include tracking of all funds and awards made, donor communication and reporting. transformed scholarship process as it pertains to all stakeholders to include donors, advancement, finance, financial aid and admissions. provided new opportunities for donors to meet scholarship recipients. managed the pledge process for the address udent center imitative. bergen county representative for the university at all key opportunities within the region. responsible for supervising, creating, executing and overseeing a comprehensive donor acknowledgement, reporting and recognition program, including advising on complex and carefully orchestrated events and programs for the university s donors. 11 2010 to 10 2013 annual fund and special events manager company name city , state englewood hospital and medical center foundation raises private funds to further the medical center s vision to become the regional leader in providing state-of-the-art compassionate care in a humanistic environment. responsible for overseeing all elements of 2.5 million annual fund. accomplishments increased corporate and community sponsorship s of all signature events by 45 . managed a major gifts portfolio of 100 and achieved 100 of phone individual, corporate and foundation goals. transformed 13 year-old breast cancer walk. increased net revenue by 75 in one year. established foundation s first business partner program as well as physician partners program which offered a new revenue stream to augment the annual fund. manage annual fund s donor programs leadership society 1,000 individual donors business partner program and the physician partners as well as caduceus society achieved 100 of goal in 2012 and will do so again in 2013. achieved 100 of goal for all 2012 and 2013 events, while staying within expense budget. manage key volunteer committees for all signature events. implemented annual 3.2 million advertising program accomplishments provided leadership to key service line representatives, developing dynamic advertising programs to promote hospital and develop new business. managed vendors and established metrics for review on all campaigns. negotiated 25 free bus sides tails for ehmc foundation to advertise walk for awareness breast cancer walk recipient of 2012 aster and jersey awards for bariatric and maternity ad campaigns. 04 2010 to 11 2010 special events annual fund manager marketing communications specialist company name city , state for 100 years, the american cancer society has worked relentlessly to save lives and create a world with less cancer and more birthdays. together with millions of our supporters worldwide, we help people stay well, help people get well, find cures, and fight back against cancer. 03 2009 to 04 2010 director of special events company name city , state managed all annual events within in the north jersey region to include golf classic, gala, and making strides against breast cancer walk. achieved address aying within expense budget. i was the first msabc walk director to achieve goal in 6 years, i did this mainly by engaging two additional key sponsors, but more importantly by adding eleven additional pacesetters who raise a minimum of 5k each. accomplishments transformed making strides against breast cancer walk achieving goal of 546,000. i was the first individual to achieve goal for this event in 6 years. recruited two new board members who were instrumental in revitalizing golf committee. managed small team of direct reports and volunteers. established new metrics for review. oasis is dedicated to feeding and clothing needy women and children and to offering them educational resources and skills to obtain meaningful employment and to break the cycle of poverty. 01 2006 to 03 2009 director of fund development company name city , state responsible for 1.5 million fundraising budget, including participation in budgeting process and monitoring of revenue and expenses. managed annual fund, capital campaign and event programs and established metrics for review. accomplishments achieved charity navigator, address atus during my tenure. modernized oasis s external brand recognition, to include a new website, a dynamic new social networking presence and many significant press placements including fox news channel, new york 1, the star ledger, the record and usa today. closed 500k budget gap through strategic board initiatives. achieved 100 of goal on all signature events. reengineered direct mail program, increasing net revenue by 25 established first volunteer special events committee designed and implemented long-term fund development plan, including strategies related to the cultivation, solicitation, acknowledgement and ongoing stewardship of individual, corporate and foundation donors and campaigns for capital projects. is a total process approach company and provides the finest marketing support solutions to clients in the forefront of their industries. 11 1997 to 10 2004 senior marketing communications manager company name city , state developed and managed all aspects of client portfolio, to include sales, marketing, branding, trade shows, public relations, web, etc. accomplishments increased sales portfolio by 75 achieved sales goals annually awarded customer service award in 2008 and 2009 managed and implemented new branding, marketing communications and trade show event initiatives for existing clientele. sony is a diversified global company at the forefront of technological innovation and entertainment. sony electronics is the sales and marketing arms of sony s global electronics business. it is a leading provider of audio video electronics and information technology products for the consumer and professional markets. 01 2002 to 09 2002 digital media specialist, senior marketing communications specialist, senior market analyst company name city , state implemented online product launches into the b2b b2c market while executing updates specific to each product line. responsible for general production and tradeshow coordination of booth, events, premium items and collateral for multiple business units and managed advertising budgets. received award for the production of the first cdr for largest tradeshow, nab, which contained all broadcast product collateral. managed internal sales award program and ensured confidentiality on highly sensitive information, as well as manage all updates to the programs website. community hospital committed to being a leader in the community in offering quality healthcare with a commitment to caring. corporate relations, sales representative liaison to physicians, community leaders, government and corporate leaders to secure and gain market share. accomplishments increased business by 35 in first quarter of 2002 by marketing the services of the hospital to doctor s offices and corporate clients negotiated all sales contracts with customers at senior management level, and increased profitability by 22 . raised funds for health care initiatives and education through corporate solicitation. achieved 100 of gross goal for women of the new millennium program as well as the annual gala golf outing. affiliations board member of julia s butterfly foundation, wyckoff, nj education b.a political science montclair state university - city , state political science skills raisers edge, donor perfect, microsoft office, publisher, adobe creative suite photoshopcs3, dreamweavercs3, adobe writer, html, corelpainter, sap, access