digital media manager professional overview talented media planner offering exceptional strengths in executing paid digital media campaigns and ensuring content is delivered to the right audience segments. detail-oriented and highly organized with track record of exceeding clients expected key performance metrics by constantly analyzing results and implementing digital media best practices. skills google search, display, mobile, video campaigns. google analytics measurement, report tracking. facebook business manager, ads manager power editor. creative professional copy writing. professional experience 11 2015 to current digital media manager company name city , state responsible for executing all paid media campaigns across digital platforms including google, facebook and instagram. delivered monthly client reports analyzing the overall effectiveness of paid media campaigns. perform ad-hoc assignments as needed including market research and uncovering relevant data to drive campaign success. continuously demonstrated ability to maintain and adhere to client budget while meeting expected kpi s. 04 2015 to 10 2015 business manager company name city , state responsible for introducing fetch rewards mobile application to puerto rico market to analyze adoption rate. implemented and installed first successful hardware at pos lanes in selectos los prados. executed digital guerilla marketing strategy to increase users and demonstrated ability to run a succesful pilot program. trained store employees, managers executives on the use of mobile application. 08 2014 to 04 2015 account executive digital media manager company name city , state handled multiple client accounts for search in 3d including account management, digital adverstising budgets monthly reports. effectively created english spanish copy for clients social feeds including but not limited to facebook instagram. demonstrated ability to work individually on assigned tasks and as a team player creating new campaign ideas proposals. education 2012 bachelor of science finance entrepreneurship northeastern university city , state , usa