chef career focus i am a nursing student who has recently obtained my cna license in this state. i worked as a gna in the uk and it has been a passion ever since. i am confident that i would make a wonderful candidate for this position. from he beginning of taking my prerequisite classes for nursing school. i have ebb driven yet still personable. my record shows me to muti-task oriented. i have the experience of always having with and caring deeply for people. while my grades have always been exceptional, my clinical experience was accomplished. i do not want to sound arrogant - i am truly confident that with my strong work ethic, an willingness to learn, i would surely be an asset to the st.joseph's medical team. i think you for your time. summary of skills understands mobility assistance needs trained in catheter change and preparation charting expertise calm and level-headed under duress understands medical procedures quick problem solver trained in grooming and bathing assistance valid [state] driver's license general housekeeping ability reliable transportation medical terminology knowledge experience march 2007 to december 2008 company name city , state chef extensive knowledge of all aspects of the food industry as well as the natural foods industry. i have a degree in culinary arts and chef in a fine dining establishment - i have an attention to . january 2005 to january 2007 company name city , state cna/gna within assisted living fascility observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager. read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration. massaged patients and applied preparations and treatments, such as liniment, alcohol rubs and heat-lamp stimulation. completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines. prepared patient rooms prior to their arrival. collected urine and fecal samples. support duties for diagnostic and technical treatment procedures, such as setting up and operating special medical equipment and apparatus. assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake. directed patients in prescribed range of motion exercises and in the use of braces or artificial limbs. provided transportation, assistance and companionship to clients. cleaned and organized patients' living quarters. positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problems. assisted with transferring residents in and out of wheelchairs and adaptive equipment. kept facility stocked with necessary supplies, equipment and instruments. provided personal nursing care in pre- and post-operative situations. performed routine tests such as urine dip stick, vision and hearing tests. tended to patients with chronic illnesses. assisted nurses with cleaning rectal tube, g-tube, j-tube, and regular catheter insertion. charted daily information on the residents such as mood changes, mobility activity, eating percentages, and daily inputs and outputs. recognized and reported abnormalities and/or changes in patients' health status to nursing staff. assisted with adls. provided patients and families with emotional support.exhibited compassionate care and communication with regard to issues of death and dying. sensitive to the needs of geriatric patients. administered simple range of motion exercises. promoted continuity of care by accurately and completely communicating to other caregivers the status of patients for which care is provided. promoted personal and co-worker safety. participated in the maintenance of safe conditions within the facility and other related areas. maintained a clean, orderly and well-stocked environment. february 1998 to december 2004 company name city , state office manager point of contact for all contacts sales for commercial grounds maintenance company all office operations experience positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problems. read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration. massaged patients and applied preparations and treatments, such as liniment, alcohol rubs, and heat-lamp stimulation. completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines. prepared patient rooms prior to their arrival.provided pre- and post-operative care. assisted patients with bathing, oral hygiene, grooming, feeding and elimination. helped patients move in and out of beds, baths, wheelchairs and automobiles. cooked appetizing and satisfying meals and snacks. scheduled and accompanied clients to medical appointments. followed safe lifting techniques and individual resident lifting instructions. maintained sanitary conditions in residents' and program rooms. transported patients to other areas of the hospital in wheelchairs and gurneys. assisted in cleansing enemas, catheterization and bladder irrigations. assisted patients with ambulation and crutch walking. provided pre- and post-operative nursing care. provided necessary supplies, support and assistance to medical staff and patients for unit specific procedures. tended to patients with chronic illnesses. tended to patients with chronic illnesses. assisted nurses with cleaning rectal tube, g-tube, j-tube and regular catheter insertion. charted information about residents such as mood changes, mobility activity, eating percentages and daily inputs and outputs. recognized and reported abnormalities and/or changes in the patients' health status to nursing staff. documented resident records on daily flow sheets.collects patient specimens and data, including vital signs, input/output and other necessary measurements.provided patients and families with emotional support.compassionate care and communication in dealing with issues of death and dying.displayed sensitivity to the needs of geriatric patients.administered and guided patients through simple range of motion exercises. comforted patients and provided them with reassurance and encouragement. promoted continuity of care by communicating patients' status to family members and other caregivers. promoted personal and co-worker safety. promoted personal and co-worker safety. participated in the maintenance of safe conditions within the facility and other related areas.responded appropriately to the physical, emotional and developmental needs of patients. work history june 2011 to august 2014 company name city , state private chef education and coursework baltimore international college city , state , usa culinary arts aa degree culinary arts gpa 4.0 coursework in gen ed - plus culinary arts deans list every year coursework in anatomy, physiology and health assessments[name] academic achievement award interests currently a nursing student at ccbc. community involvement volunteered over the years for various local and international groups including moveable feast, united way, as well as a church group that involved volunteering in the dominican republic for 9 months. additional information currently a nursing student at ccbc. community involvement volunteered over the years for various local and international groups including moveable feast, united way, as well as a church group that involved volunteering in the dominican republic for 9 months. i took care of sick children in the subsaharan conditions of haiti and the dr. skills arts, clients, customer service, office, natural, sales