executive chef professional summary a dynamic and accomplished catering and food service professional with prior work in social and corporate markets. notable successes in large scale event planning, food production, food preparation and menu development. currently seeking a management position in food service. skills conflict resolution leadership skills staff training premier ordering performance assessments fms food management systems menu planning hospitality suite problem-solving payroll and scheduling strong work ethic servsafe certification high energy vendor relations sysco u.s foods work history executive chef 06 2016 to current company name city , state inventoried food, ingredient, and supply stock to prepare and plan vendor orders. hired, trained and managed all kitchen staff, including employee development, issuing disciplinary action and conducting performance reviews. incorporated customer feedback in the experimentation and creation of new signature dishes. monitored linework processes to ensure consistency in quality, quantity, and presentation. generated employee schedules, work assignments and determined appropriate compensation rates. ensured personnel safety, kitchen sanitation and proper food handling or storage. planned promotional menu additions based on seasonal pricing and product availability. executive chef 01 2015 to 03 2016 company name city , state consistently verified that kitchen staff followed all recipes and portioned serving guidelines correctly. actively participated in staff meetings and operated as an effective management team leader. identified opportunities to increase revenue, decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departmental productivity without compromising guest satisfaction. worked with nutritionist and doctors to develop proper meals for patients with special needs. responsible for weekly cleaning schedule and submitting cleaning reports to management. ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving. executive chef 08 2012 to 01 2015 company name city , state collaborated closely with the food and beverage director to conduct staff meetings and resolve service, product and personnel issues. consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements. established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team. conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports. enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality and temperature. consistently tasted, smelled and observed all dishes to ensure they were visually appealing and prepared correctly. responsible for managing food production for a high volume 15 million account. sous chef interim executive chef 01 2009 to 08 2012 company name city , state inspected dining and serving area to ensure cleanliness and proper set up. instructed cooks and other staff in the preparation, cooking, garnishing and presentation of food. responsible for managing food production for a high volume 3 million account. responsible for managing employees in the boh and the foh daily. experience managing branded retail locations. responsible for keeping up with inventory levels ordering products in compliance. assisted with training other accounts in the area with the new fms system. developed menus, pricing, and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction. effectively managed a kitchen staff for banquets, catered events. kitchen supervisor 06 2005 to 06 2009 company name city , state delivered quality service by providing a warm and welcoming environment. maintained clean dining room, lobby and service areas at all times. ensured compliance with relevant regulatory employment rules and standards. updated daily logs, computer tracking systems and other relevant documentation. operated all kitchen equipment adeptly. followed proper standards for product freshness, food safety, weights and measures, refrigeration and sanitation. kitchen manager 06 2005 to 08 2008 company name city , state responsible for the ordering of food and service products. created and implemented a haccap program for food safety. created and implemented an inventory program to assist restaurant with ordering organization. managed food production and managed kitchen staff. trained staff on proper cooking procedures as well as safety regulations and productivity strategies. security police e4 senior airman 05 2000 to 10 2005 company name city , state commanded operations post, including personnel, weapons and equipment. coordinated training schedules and filed crucial administrative paperwork. led military police teams in support of battlefield operations. certifications servesafe certified focus on portion and cost control knowledge of food service management focused and disciplined conflict resolution techniques knowledge in premier ordering assisted with training roll out of fms 4.0 featured in entertaining with sodexo mediterranean culinary creations kitchen staff training education associate of arts culinary arts 2005 savannah technical university - city , state majored in culinary arts minored in sanitation graduated with 3.5 gpa graduated in top 10 of class food preparation, kitchen management, patisserie and confectionery, international cuisine address ates air force - city , state security police culinary course work in leadership skills. emphasis training with military police. skills administrative, premier, conflict resolution, cooking, cost control, customer satisfaction, staff training, focus, food safety, inventory, inventory levels, leadership, leadership skills, team leader, director, managing, market, meetings, weapons, personnel, police, pricing, producing, purchasing, quality, receiving, retail, safety, work-flow additional information accomplishments contest winner in the 2011 entertaining mediterranean with sodexo new recipes contest. catered the 2013 kentucky derby two time legendary service award winner first to receive a double gold score on national food service audits for two years straight.