executive chef professional summary energetic culinary professional with a blend of creativity, passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. works well as a dynamic leader in high- pressure settings. a career that includes everything from small fast casual to high end dining and catering. skills highly organized creativity in menu planning and presentation excellent communicator knowledgeable in heart healthy cooking delegates effectively safe and healthy work atmospher motivational haccp good sense of humor serv-safe certified team builder and self-motivated customer service focuses accounting, budgeting, forecasting, and p&l passionate about cooking proficient in ms office including word, excel, powerpoint, and outlook. forward thinking implements effective systems work history executive chef , 03/2014 to current company name – city , state accountable for every aspect of all food and beverage budgets. responsible for ordering all china, glass, silverware, and all smallwares. responsible for all kitchen training including recipe use, grill, sauté, fry, steam, garde manger, knife handling, equipment use, and safety and sanitation (serv-safe certified). monitored all ordering of food, constant developing of vendor relations, quality control on all food products, managed systems including daily check lists, cooler/freezer logs, haccp logs, schedules, and weekly safety meetings with initial and continual employee training. nearly all food produced in house to include pastries, bread, salad dressings, etc. developed menus, pricing and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction. managed kitchen staff of six by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary. food production coordinator , 02/2013 to 03/2014 company name – city , state minimized expenses by utilizing production logs, correct patient counts, and well-trained staff. helped to redesign current cafeteria line and menu to include customer based concepts and ideas. prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines. verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards. maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees. instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues. executive chef , 08/2009 to 09/2010 company name – city , state manage all food production facilities to include a fine dining restaurant, bar and grill, banquets and conference kitchen, deli/coffee/pasty shop, family dining facility, beverage carts (food aspect only), and two concessions outlets on two golf courses. accountable for every aspect of all food and beverage budgets. responsible for ordering all china, glass, silverware, and all smallwares. manage a staff of up to 40ppl including an executive sous-chef, 2 sous chefs, externs and hourly staff. responsible for all kitchen training including recipe use, grill, sauté, fry, steam, garde manger, knife handling, equipment use, and safety and sanitation (serv-safe certified). monitored all ordering of food, constant developing of vendor relations, quality control on all food products, managed systems including daily check lists, cooler/freezer logs, haccp logs, schedules, and weekly safety meetings with initial and continual employee training. nearly all food produced in house to include pastries, salad dressings, stocks, etc. as well as breaking down steaks from primal cuts and whole fish and seafood. regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels. inspected kitchens to observe food preparation quality and service, food appearance and cleanliness of production and service areas. executive chef & general manager of food venues , 12/2005 to 07/2009 company name – city , state manage 11 facilities ranging from fine dining, to deli/coffee shop and a commissary/warehouse as well as banquets (mainly weddings (approximately 35 + every summer) and events ranging in size from 25 to 600 ppl) to include writing, developing, costing, and implementing menus. accountable for every aspect of all food and beverage budgets. accountable for ordering all china, glassware, silver, small wares, and kitchen equipment (and orchestrating its installation). manage a staff of over 100ppl including a unit executive chef, sous chefs, up to 17 managers, externs and hourly staff. responsible for all kitchen training including recipe use, grill, sauté, fry, steam, garde manger, knife handling, equipment use, and safety and sanitation (serv-safe certified). monitored all ordering of food, developed vendor relations, quality control on all food products, managed systems including daily check lists, cooler/freezer logs, haccp logs, schedules, and weekly safety meetings with initial and continual employee training. responsible for recruiting team members. developed and implemented current externship program. executive sous chef , 01/2004 to 07/2005 company name – city , state completely redesigned and wrote the recipes for the current menu. implemented a new safety and sanitation program including cooler/freezer logs, temperature logs, and haccp logs in a facility where they had lapsed. responsible for costing menus, inventory control, banquet functions, ordering, scheduling 12 employees, hiring, team member motivation, and instrumental in bringing in new business into the hotel by offering ice sculpting and specialty menus. developed specialty menus for chef's tables and other special events (i.e. holiday events). taught cooking classes and did food demonstrations for select groups. maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees. maintained updated knowledge of local competition and restaurant industry trends. sous chef , 03/2003 to 12/2003 company name – city , state developed tools such as prep lists and temperature logs to benefit employee organization. responsible for employee scheduling and accountability to include up to 30 individuals. established par levels and maintained proper food cost through purchasing and purveyor relations. interacted with other managers and key employees to ensure adequate coverage, quality food and excellent service. verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards. instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues. executive chef , 10/2000 to 12/2002 company name – city , state prepared annual budget by forecasting financial goals through cost controls and labor management to bring food costs down by 5 points within first three months. created, developed and implemented an upscale cafeteria managing up to 5 free-standing properties including banquet and fine dining facilities. managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary. verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards. developed menus, pricing and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction. actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering. regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels. culinary supervisor , 09/1999 to 09/2000 company name – city , state assisted in developing menu creations and work assignments for kitchen staff for the restaurant, mcgrath's, and banquet facilities. scheduled and directed the culinary team to exceed industry standards to perform at optimum performance in creativity, preparation, cleanliness, and customer service. prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines. verified freshness of products upon delivery. recommended menu items to the executive chef for new dish development, holidays, special events and promotions. cooked and served food and meals in accordance with planned menus, diet plans, recipes, portions, temperature control procedures and facility policies. assistant general manager , 06/1998 to 08/1999 company name – city , state improved food cost by 6 % within 6 months. responsible for all ordering and inventory controls. developed a higher level of quality fare while maintaining food costs by negotiating with purveyors. led shifts while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications. ensured all staff understood expectations and parameters of kitchen goals and daily kitchen work. instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues. specialty chef , 03/1996 to 08/1999 company name – city , state redesigned menus implementing marketing strategies to broaden customer base and expanding guest service to the highest levels. continually striving to meet and exceed industry safety standards, inventory control, profit margin, and customer service expectations through diligent and thorough training of culinary team. prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines. maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation. properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish, poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler. asst. kitchen manager , 07/1994 to 03/1996 company name – city , state developed daily specials including entrees, soups, and appetizers. directed culinary team in daily activities such as prep, mise en place, food safety, and plate presentation. practiced safe food handling procedures at all times. verified freshness of products upon delivery. accurately and efficiently prepared healthy, delicious fish, meat and vegetable-based dishes. education associate of science : culinary arts , 2012 national institute for culinary arts at mountain state university - city , state recieved tips certification : alcohol awareness , 2003 health communications inc - city , state completed hospitality courses. : club management, food safety, nutrition , 2001 technical vocational institute - city , state attained serv-safe certification. have maintained serv-safe certification since : 1 1995 chippewa valley technical college - city , state accomplishments annual scovie awards. participated as a judge grading food entries from across the world for national and world recognition. 2003-2005 thermador (on behalf of freed appliance distributors) tempe, az. demonstrated cooking techniques in a professional show kitchen located in the great outdoors (chandler, az). took raw food product and instructed groups of customers on how to prepare various items using sponsored equipment. eventually allowing the customers to sample the finished product. affiliations 2005-present american culinary federation and world association of chefs societies charleston, wv active member skills accounting, budgeting, budgets, budget, cooking, creativity, customer service, special events, financial, forecasting, hiring, inventory, inventory control, leadership, team builder, managing, marketing strategies, marketing, meetings, excel, outlook, powerpoint, ms word, negotiating, communicator, profit, purchasing, quality, quality control, recruiting, safety, scheduling, self motivated, tables, employee training, vendor relations