senior banquet chef professional summary dynamic executive chef with a broad spectrum of international experience in all facets of the hotel and restaurant operation, and an established track record in food beverage management extensive knowledge in food beverage management and culinary arts. trained and educated in europe with expert knowledge of traditional french, italian and american cuisines. a passionate leader with a vision for outstanding customer service and team achievement, and driven by the financial and operational success of the organization. skills business operations expertise natural leader inventory control and record keeping service-oriented trained in performance and wage reviews strong work ethic work history senior banquet chef 03 2014 to current company name city , state the w-atlanta midtown is a flag-ship property with 466 modern luxury guest rooms, 4 outlets including a farm to the table restaurant concept, 24-hour room service operation and full service luxury spa. leader in charge of the entire banquet and garde manger kitchen operations with over 40.000 sq. feet of banquet and meeting space, 3 kitchens, and a skyline wedding venue. manage and direct a team of 8 cooks, 5 banquet attendants, 2 stewarding supervisors and 8 stewards. successfully managed the conversion of the jean georges spice market, intotrace restaurant concept. direct and coordinate all administrative duties and purchasing for the culinary department. increased the gsi guest satisfaction index to a solid 4.67 ratio for the banquet catering department. custom created all menus and directed themed events for top ranking accounts and clientele. improved food cost from 26 to a ytd foodcost of 24.1 by effectively managing production and accurately conducting purchasing methods and applying cost saving procedures. strongly improved in house food production, and improving labor productivity below budget. achieved a 97. address eritech food safety score, and a 98 point score for the county health department. executive chef 04 2012 to 02 2014 company name city , state the emory conference center hotel has 325 luxury guest rooms, 5 outlets including, a 250 seat restaurant, club lounge, room service, bowling lanes pub, and the houston mill house wedding venue. directly responsible for all culinary and banquets operations with over 40,000 sq. feet of meeting space. leading and managing a team of 30 employees including a supervisory management team of 5 people. all financials for a growing property grossing 8-10 million in revenue from the food beverage department. i.e. food costing, forecasting flow-through for revenue, labor, expenses, purchasing, etc . created and maintained impeccable food preparation, visual aesthetic, and quality standards in all areas of the operation. obtained excellent unifocus scores for guest satisfaction ranging from 90-96 overall. participated and contributed as a major decision maker for the f b department in the ongoing improvement process and culinary program. training development with direct f b management training team. achieved food cost and labor cost under budget and maintained excellent health inspection scores. executive sous chef 08 2010 to 04 2012 company name city , state the loews atlanta hotel has address s, a 120 seat southern themed restaurant bar, and spa. directly responsible for managing and overseeing multiple outlets including a 120 seat restaurant, 24 hour room service, and over 37,000 sq. feet of meeting space including an 11,000 sq foot ballroom. 35 employees including a supervisory management team of 5 people. successfully coordinated and managed all banquet and catering functions, financials and administrate duties for a high volume property grossing 12-14 million from the food beverage department. effectively hired, trained and developed a high performance culinary and stewarding team while maintaining all loews brand standards and improved operating procedures. maintained and improved all budgetary guidelines and increased guest satisfaction to number 1 in the loews corporation for the culinary department. achieved outstanding health inspection scores throughout the year, and obtained an excellent employee survey record for the culinary department. executive sous chef interim head chef 10 2007 to 08 2010 company name city , state the intercontinental hotel features 422 luxury guest rooms, a 24-hour restaurant concept and room service, a luxury club lounge and the intercontinental hotel features 422 luxury guest rooms, a 24-hour restaurant concept and room service, a luxury club lounge and themed bar, and 32,000 sq. foot of meeting space with a 12,000sq. feet ballroom that can accommodate 850 for seated dinners and 1, address yle or reception setting. responsible for overall operation of culinary department in this 4 star, 5 diamond corporate flagship hotel for the intercontinental hotel group. improved food cost to 25 to a budget of 28.2 and maintained variables and labor cost within budgets at all times, and was strong contributor to both quality and profit for ownership. directly responsible for all f b outlets including the 24 hour french bistro concept fine dining , xo cognac bar lounge, room service spa dining, and banquet and catering operations. directly responsible for over 50 employees including the leadership . successfully operated as interim executive chef during transition from ownership, and effectively managed this process as well as the culinary department, all financials, and high profile corporate events for ihg. banquet chef winery chef 03 2006 to 10 2007 company name city , state the hotel features 277 luxurious guest rooms, 6 food and beverage venues, pool bar and golf grill full service spa. the winery features a 120 seat bistro, a fine dining prix fix restaurant, a viking cooking studio and various banquet venues. responsible for all aspects of the culinary department with the direct emphasis on banquets and catering operations and overseeing 6 f b outlets. manager in charge in the absence of the executive chef. manage and oversee the entire culinary team of over 40 employees including 4 sous chefs. responsible for coordination of administrative duties, purchasing, menu planning and development all out-door facilities. promoted to winery chef in 2007. education bachelors degree culinary arts and hospitality management nutrition and restaurant techniques 1 1998 rivb culinary institute - city culinary arts and hospitality management nutrition and restaurant techniques business administration 1 1992 mavo college - city business administration certifications serv-safe manager certified certified in managing a multi-cultural diverse workforce skills administrative, budgets, budget, concept, conversion, cooking, clientele, delphi, dutch, employee relations, english, features, financials, forecasting, french, german, internet literate, leadership, managing, management training, market, excel, office, 97, outlook, windows 98, 98, nt, word, mill, profit, purchasing, quality, reception, recruitment, safety, spanish, supervisory