executive chef professional summary energetic culinary professional with a blend of creativity, passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. works well as a dynamic leader in high- pressure settings. skills beautiful presentation of food strong attention to safe food handling procedures food presentation talent chef at the cork tree , awarded best restaurant in west ways magazine hospitality and service industry employed at bing crosby s , featured in  desert sum magazine  chefs surprise column background august 2008 food presentation talent work history executive chef 05 2012 to current company name city , state www.thecorktree.com. modern california and mediterranean cuisine. managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary. developed menus, pricing and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction. actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering. regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels. reduced food costs by using seasonal ingredients, setting standards for portion size and minimizing waste. head chef 01 2011 to 05 2012 company name city , state was head chef for this fine dining steakhouse, helped designed kitchen, created all menus, hired all kitchen staff, set up all accounts for the kitchen. did all meat and fish portioning, made all sauces, worked the grill and line at service. planned dinner and bar menus, as well as special menus for in-house special events and catering. sous chef 01 2010 to 01 2011 company name city , state website www.smoketreeranch.com american cuisine . daily menu charge of entrees and appetizer, banquet s up to 500 ppl. prep and serve all lunch and dinner items. butchering, soups, stocks and sauces. 150 to 300 covers per day. led shifts while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications. maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation. executive chef 01 2006 to 01 2010 company name city , state high volume fine dining restaurant, team leader, training of kitchen and wait staff for all new menu items and daily specials. in charge of menu development, budgeting, invoice tracking, ordering, food and labor cost, scheduling, banquets. 6.5 million in yearly sales. verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards. achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals. chef owner 01 2005 to 01 2006 company name city , state european and mediterranean cuisine . owner of a 45-seat restaurant, responsibilities included front of house management, all beverage ordering, banking, menu development, set up all accounts, set up all license s that where needed to run the business, budgeting, accounting, hiring and training of all staff. executive chef 01 2002 to 01 2005 company name city , state kaiser grill and the chop house steak house. worked at 2 locations kaiser grill in palm springs and the chop house in palm desert. was in charge of 2 very busy restaurants. butchering of all protein items. inventory, ordering, food and labor cost, scheduling and daily specials 4 million in yearly sales. executive chef 01 1997 to 01 2002 company name city , state american and asian cuisine. maintaining a food coast of 29.5 , weekly inventory, ordering, labor cost, daily specials and banquets. 4. address ore revenue. assisted in the opening of three restaurants as a training chef, was the chef of address ores. 4 million in food sales. promptly reported any maintenance and repair issues to corporate executive chef. sous chef 01 1993 to 01 1997 company name city , state italian cuisine www.ifornaio.com. managed a large open kitchen s in fine dining in italian cuisine. scheduling, food cost, inventory and labor cost. was part of opening team for the las vegas restaurant in new york new york hotel and casino, successfully open two properties for il fornaio 1993 pasadena, ca and 1996 in las vegas, nv 14 million in sales. education associate of arts culinary arts, chef training and restaurant management 1 1983 los angeles trade technical college - city , state chef discovers contemporary flavors - culinary institute of america - skills accounting, banking, budgeting, com, ca, hiring, inventory, italian, team leader, sales, scheduling, website additional information awards usa honor society 2009 2010 biltmore who s who award 2008 09 10 achievement profession certificate of merit chefs de cuisine assn. of california best european restaurant 2005 2006 award