--- Page 1 ---
CHEF MANAGER
Professional Summary
Food Production Management – K12 Chef Management Experience – National School Lunch Program Oversight – Food Safety
Champion – Culinary Innovation – Proven Team Leader – Creative Recipe Presentations – Training & Development – Contract
Management- Inventory and ordering management– Procurement Analysis – Auditing Management – Waste management skills – Food
Cost & Labor Management – Strong Catering abilities – Restaurant Management skills – Team Player – Excellent communication skills
– MS Office Proficient – Budgeting & Invoice competencies – Food Allergy/medical condition trained – Quick Books – Quicken–
Newton POS– Cater Trax knowledgeable – Menu Software Proficient waste management savvy- La ethics trained
Skills
Food spoilage prevention
Baking and broiling skills
Kitchen Management
Recipes and menu planning
Menu planning
Sanitation guidelines
Recruiting and Hiring
Workflow Optimization
Cooking skills
Food inventories
Supply ordering
Performance assessments
Budgeting
Adaptability
Food plating and presentation
Cultural awareness
Signature dish creation
Written Communication
Forecasting and planning
Work History
Chef Manager 08/2020 to Current
Company Name – City , State
Placed food orders with suppliers on weekly basis, taking into account kitchen budget and expected demands.
Hired, trained and managed all kitchen staff, including employee development, issuing disciplinary action and conducting performance
reviews.
Kept kitchen staff in compliance with safety and food regulations to reduce opportunities for illness or accidents.
Scheduled and received food and beverage deliveries, adhering to food cost and budget.
Pitched in to work line during busy periods or in place of sick employees.
Maintained high food quality standards by checking delivery contents to verify product quality and quantity.
Responded to dietary concerns and food allergies, creating dishes to meet customer needs and palates.
Properly handled and stored food to eliminate illness and prevent cross-contamination.
Collaborated with Lusher Elementary in production or modification of menus and selections.
Chef Manager 08/2019 to 03/2020
Company Name – City , State
Placed food orders with suppliers on weekly basis, taking into account kitchen budget and expected demands.
Hired, trained and managed all kitchen staff, including employee development, issuing disciplinary action and conducting performance
reviews.
Kept kitchen staff in compliance with safety and food regulations to reduce opportunities for illness or accidents.
Recruited and hired employees to build effective culinary team for $1.5 million annual revenue-producing restaurant in New Orleans.
Prevented cross-contamination from utensils, surfaces and pans when cooking and plating meals for food allergy sufferers.
Evaluated inventory levels on weekly basis and placed orders to restock Cooler and Dry items before supplies ran out.
Prepared meals from scratch using authentic, popular recipes to generate repeat business.
Averaged a $.98 food production cost while feeding over two thousand children
Achieved 83% participation rate (enrollment), including breakfast and snack meals
Managed USDA/DOD funds
Experienced with Union workers and union practices
General Manager of Operations 01/2017 to 07/2017
Company Name – City , State
Created, managed and executed business plan and communicated company vision and objectives to motivate teams.
Improved productivity while reducing staffing and operational costs by 7.5%.
Recruited, interviewed, hired, and developed team members that exemplify company culture and values. Conduct performance
appraisals, coaching, counseling, motivating, and recognition activities to retain and develop the store team.
Advanced productivity KPIs by leading trainings on procedures and safety practices.
Closed store without incurring lease penalties and in excellent standing with building management.
Operations Manager 01/2010 to 11/2016
Company Name – City , State
Devised, deployed and monitored processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels.

--- Page 2 ---
Set, enforced and optimized internal policies to maintain efficiency and responsiveness to demands.
Reduced average contract expenses by 16% through aggressive negotiations with vendors.
Effectively grew business and manage sales revenues in excess of $450,000 annually.
Worked closely with team to help business win several awards — Small Business of the Year (Gambit magazine), King Cake of the
Year (2015, NOLA.com), Best of the Rest (2016, Youth Leadership Council), and others
Documented safety action plans, quality initiatives, and team performances.
Education
Associate of Arts : Pastry Arts 05/2009 University of New Orleans - City
Bachelor of Science : Business Management 05/2005 Northwestern State University of Louisiana - City , State
Graduated with 3.1 GPA
Graduated in Top 17% of Class
Minored in Marketing
Certifications
Certified Servsafe, Expiration 2024
Member of the American Institute of Culinary Professionals 2019
Culinary Innovation of America Jr Board member