ex cutive banquette sous chef professional summary interested in permanent full time, specialized in banquettes operations such as big and small events, ceremony s, massive functions, banquettes designs. high skilled baking, pastry s, roasting, cooking, grilling, cold larder etc, garnishing, tasting, customer service. experienced on all sections, all type of venues, cuisines, food service. over 14 years of experience in the hospitality industry. major experience in events, functions, catering, weddings, conventions, corporate occasions etc. accomplished chef with strong combination of culinary experience and management skills. experience in high pressure kitchen environment, ensuring that the standards of hygiene are maintained improved where possible. ensuring excellent standard of food consistency. demonstrated continuous commitment to reducing food labour costs. trained employees in food preparation procedures in line with high end establishment standards. a fast learner, flexible, highly motivated, capable of operating independently or as a willing and supportive member of a team. get the job done. energetic culinary professional with a blend of creativity, passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. works well as a dynamic leader in high-pressure settings. expert in managing kitchen staff and preparing foods at reduced cost without compromising quality and taste. motivated banquette sous chef offering over 13 years experience in the food industry. focused on high standards for taste and quality, while maintaining profitable margins. superior communication and leadership skills. skills beautiful presentation of food institutional and batch cooking cake decorating expertise strong attention to safe food handling procedures mediterranean cuisine expert effective planner extensive catering background food presentation talent hospitality and service industry background menu marketing expertise special events planning staff training skilled waitstaff catering inventory management systems courteous and helpful hotel operations and management event planning and coordination pos systems hospitality background five-star hotel experience resort experience food and beverage services natural leader team building skilled negotiator work history ex cutive banquette sous chef 01 2012 to 06 2014 company name city , state reduced food costs by 18 percent by using seasonal ingredients, setting standards for portion size and minimizing waste. managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary. verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards. maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees. instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues. actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering. ensured all staff understood expectations and parameters of kitchen goals and daily kitchen work. achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals. maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation. promptly reported any maintenance and repair issues to executive chef. recommended menu items to the executive chef for new dish development, holidays, special events and promotions. met production requirements for all aspects of banquet and outlet desserts and breakfast pastries. verified freshness of products upon delivery. head-chef 01 2008 to 01 2012 company name city , state moulin noir european bistro running a busy caf bistro restaurant. catering. serving over 600 meals daily. reducing costs for the business. comprehensive knowledge of food and catering trends accurately and efficiently prepared healthy, delicious fish, meat and vegetable-based dishes. verified freshness of products upon delivery. prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines. reduced food costs by 15 percent by using seasonal ingredients, setting standards for portion size and minimizing waste. managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary. verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards. maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees. developed menus, pricing and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction. instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues. actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering. ensured all staff understood expectations and parameters of kitchen goals and daily kitchen work. led shifts while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications. regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels. achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals. maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation. created and managed budgets for operations and capital equipment. enhanced and maintained the central standardized recipe and ingredient repository, including nutritional and cost information. properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish, poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler. positively engaged with customers, offering menu information, providing suggestions and showing genuine appreciation for their business. decorated and merchandised quality bakery goods. ordered and received bakery products and supplies. properly wrapped, boxed, and weighed bakery department products. practiced safe food handling procedures at all times. sous chef 01 2006 to 02 2008 company name city , state recommended menu items to the executive chef for new dish development, holidays, special events and promotions. assisted customers in placing special orders for large-scale events such as weddings and birthday parties. successfully reduced the restaurant s annual food and labor costs by 27 through proper budgeting, scheduling and management of inventory. verified freshness of products upon delivery. expertly managed address affing levels throughout shifts. comprehensive knowledge of food and catering trends accurately and efficiently prepared healthy, delicious fish, meat and vegetable-based dishes. developed menus, pricing and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction. actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering. executive chef education diploma 2009 academia international - city , state culinary arts certificate coursework in culinary and restaurant management coursework in hospitality management food services technology classes basic vocational certificate bakery assistant basic vocational certificate lead baker basic vocational certificate first cook coursework in professional cooking and baking coursework in hotel management and restaurant food service coursework in hotel administration coursework in business administration and management culinary arts coursework hotel and restaurant administration coursework coursework in sales and marketing management food systems management coursework certified nutrition consultant personal training certificate advanced coursework in food systems management extensively trained in pediatric feeding and nutrition hospitality management, hotels, tourism and food services. specialization in commercial cookery, academia international melbourne, australia. certificate 4 5. oh s short course in - food garnishing -specialty knives banquet interior design, major in business and private conventions. responsible service of alcohol australia certificate rsa 1 2004 shalon secondary college - city skills fluent in english, hebrew, interior design, languages, letters, organizing, speaker, quality, requirement, strategy, trainer, written additional information schedule create and implement menus liaise with suppliers work within budgeted guidelines select, train and motivate the kitchen brigade ensure profitability oversee all aspects of food preparation and production in the outlets an innovative and logical thinker, with a sharp cooking mind excellent interpersonal and communication skills, complementing the ability to build relationships across cultural boundaries good organizational and time management skills, able to prioritize multiple tasks and meet deadlines ambitious and focused with a can do attitude, and a strong work ethic interests swimming, tennis, gym, travel, cooking exploring new cuisines music writing