executive chef professional summary executive chef  with 20  years of experience cooking in american, mexican, asian, french and seafood environments. prior work as prep cook, line chef, and sous chef. energetic culinary professional with a blend of creativity, passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. works well as a dynamic leader in high- pressure settings. bilingual chef with 20 years in cooking, hiring and training staff, creating schedules and managing labor costs. executive chef possessing an innate skill in creating exceptional menu items. leads productive working environments that attract top-notch talent. skills american french classic cooking technique beautiful presentation of food employed at campeon , featured in village voice critics picks column. mexican american cuisine expert employed at lolita redlulu , featured in the new york times critics picks effective planner column. two stars extensive catering background food presentation talent work history executive chef 12 2013 to 08 2014 company name city , state assisted the owner to create a new sports bar restaurant concept. developed recipes and plate presentations. responsible for the ordering and choosing chinaware, small wares, silverware and glassware. created menus, prep lists for each station and delegated duties to each member of the hoh. coordinated activities concerning food preparation, kitchen, and storage areas. monitored food production areas for safety and sanitation practices and procedures. set up production cycles, ensures proper inventory levels were available. hands on execution of the line directing kitchen employees with food production. conducted proper pre-meals and other educational seminars with front of the house employees. purchased food items and various products for the operation of the restaurant. reduced food costs by 28 percent by using seasonal ingredients, setting standards for portion size and minimizing waste. managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary. maintained updated knowledge of local competition and restaurant industry trends. developed menus, pricing and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction. instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues. actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering. ensured all staff understood expectations and parameters of kitchen goals and daily kitchen work. achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals. inspected kitchens to observe food preparation quality and service, food appearance and cleanliness of production and service areas. created and managed budgets for operations and capital equipment. prepared operational reports and analyses and made appropriate recommendations about progress and negative trends. planned lunch, dinner and bar menus, as well as special menus for in-house special events and catering. properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish, poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler. executive sous chef 10 2012 to 11 2013 company name city , state responsible for receiving purchases, checked schedules and opening of the kitchen restaurant. catered large corporate events, fashion restaurant weeks and the holiday season. responsible for maintaining cleanliness and order in the absence of the executive chef. conducted proper pre-meals and other educational seminars with front of the house employees. responsible for running the restaurant when the executive chef went on vacation. prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines. promptly reported any maintenance and repair issues throughout our service log. expertly managed 40 staff and maintained appropriate staffing levels throughout shifts. executive chef 05 2009 to 08 2012 company name city , state created charts for cleaning efficiency, food and labor controls. created detail recipes and standards for menus and specials. managed boh operations at both restaurants in connecticut. reduced food costs by 28 percent by using seasonal ingredients, setting standards for portion size and minimizing waste. managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary. maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees. maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees. developed menus, pricing and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction. actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering. practiced safe food handling procedures at all times. successfully reduced the restaurant s annual food and labor costs by number through proper budgeting, scheduling and management of inventory. working chef 01 2007 to 01 2009 company name city , state an exclusive 100-seat nightclub serving a french american modern global tapas menu. developed new menu design, recipes and plate presentations. overhauled food and labor controls for better efficiency. responsible for food and beverage inventory, purchases and controls. verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards. maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees. actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering. lead line cook sous chef 01 1992 to 01 2007 company name city , state prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines. managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary. verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards. maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees. instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues. led shifts while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications. achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals. maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation. properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish, poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler. practiced safe food handling procedures at all times. education bachelor of arts philosophy 2001 city college of new york - city , state philosophy member of philosophy club received half scholarship for a master degree. certifications nyc qualifying certificate in food protection 07-06676 serv-safe certification 6561937 skills budgeting, charts, concept, cooking, directing, english, special events, fashion, french, inventory, optimization, organizing, policies, presentations, speaker, purchasing, quality, receiving, safety, scheduling, seminars, spanish additional information press http blogs.villagevoice.com forkintheroad 2014 06 campeon a championship caliber sports bar arrives in flatiron.php http www.nytimes.com 2012 01 08 nyregion red-lulu-cocina-in-south-norwalk-review.html r 2 partner rssnyt emc rss http www.nytimes.com 2010 08 15 nyregion 15dinect.html