banquet chef professional summary to whom it may concern please accept this letter as my application for the position of executive chef. i am an ambitious and well rounded chef who is able to lead from the front by setting, following and delivering the highest culinary standards. i possess a passion for excellence, and always strive hard to im- prove standards and guest satisfaction. my goal as executive chef is to provide the club members with an experience that exceeds there expectations. i believe that is accomplished by using the highest quality food product keeping within the food budget and assembling the best possible culinary brigade to meet the members needs. i standardize my recipes to maintain consistency and always demonstrate what is ex- pected for each dish concerning portion size, proper cooking techniques, and presentation. my management style is fair, firm, and friendly but with high expectations, also i consider my self to be proactive in running the kitchen. i delegate people according to their strengths, but rotate them seasonally to different stations to help them in their professional development and increas- ing flexibility in the kitchen staff. i train the wait staff on the menu by letting them sample the menu items, and listen to their feed back. i am flexible with special dietary requests from members. i am glad to make adjustments for health conscious members, or those with specific dietary needs. i am visible to the members in the dinning room so that i am able to receive their feed back on the menu. over the years i had the pleasure of working with some of the best chefs in the country which has enabled me to have a board knowledge of different types of cuisines and keeping up with trends. skills work history banquet chef sep 2016 - current company name city , state the country club at mirasol is a three-time member of the prestigious group of platinum clubs of ameri- ca, a certified audubon cooperative sanctuary, and has been recognized as a distinguished emerald club by club industry publication the boardroom magazine. my responsibilities are all banquets, member functions, and theme events and also working with the chef on creating new and exiting menus to keep membership excited about club events. i supervise a team of 12 that produces half of the food and beverage revenue which is 6 million. executive sous chef aug 2014 - sep 2016 company name city , state the club is recognized as a platinum club one of the top 10 private club communities in the united. states. the club has 1300 members and three restaurants and banquet facility. food and beverage sales. is 5 million a year. i contribute with the executive chef in maintaining the clubs platinum level status. candle light inn catonsville maryland. owner, executive chef general manager jan 1996 - jan 2013 company name candle light inn is a 200 seat white table cloth restaurant that features modern traditional cuisine and a. staff of 50 employees coordinate planning, budgeting, and purchasing for all the food operations within the restaurant. instruct cooks or other workers in the preparation, cooking, garnishing, or presentation of food. analyze recipes to assign prices to menu items, based on food, labor, and overhead costs. recruit and hire staff including line chefs, kitchen staff, servers, hostesses, and managers. sous chef jan 1990 - jan 1996 company name oversaw a staff of 100 kitchen personnel and maintained 5 star menu dishes and service plan, direct, and supervise the food preparation and cooking activities of multiple kitchens of a large hotel. instruct cooks and other workers in the preparation, cooking, garnishing, and presentation of food. over the years i have had the pleasure of working with some of the best chefs in america, all of whom have played a significant role in my development as a chef. my mentors include peter timmins cmc, hartmunt handke cmc, john johnstone, cmc, lawrence mcfadden cmc, keith coughenour cec, alex darvish, cec and richard rosendale, cmc. personal information a meeting is an excellent opportunity for us to have a detailed and candid discussion about the benefits that i can bring to the country club. look forward to hearing from you in the near future to discuss how i can become an integral part of your team. warm regards marco lombardini education servsafe certified 1990 baltimore culinary college city , state graduated with honors in restaurant and hotel management - the greenbrier apprenticeship program white sulphur springs, west virginia graduated with a gold medal in cold food display and a silver medal in hot food competition - acf executive certified chef 2012 sous vide workshop 2014 , teacher was richard rosendale c.m.c certified master chef prep class 2014 , teacher was richard rosendale c.m.c 2016 skills acf, budgeting, c, ca, cooking, features, personnel, platinum, publication, purchasing, safety, sales, servers, supervisory, teacher additional information a meeting is an excellent opportunity for us to have a detailed and candid discussion about the benefits that i can bring to the country club. look forward to hearing from you in the near future to discuss how i can become an integral part of your team. warm regards marco lombardini