medical record technician professional summary a healthcare administration professional combining higher education b.a, m.h.a. with a history of building strong alliances and partnerships with business professionals, patients, medical personnel physicians, nurses, allied health , families, and community members to steer operational projects, meet long short term healthcare business objectives, architect process improvements, ensure regulatory hipaa compliance and position the healthcare operation as the provider of choice electronic medical record and health information management . member american college of healthcare executives builds instant rapport and relationships with patients healthcare professionals negotiates mutually beneficial solutions diplomatic communicator exceeds healthcare business objectives sources cost-effective solutions process improvement compliant with hipaa organizational guidelines ambitious and dedicated project and program management exceptional and creative problem solving skills built loyal business relationships with patients, colleagues, physicians, families, and allied healthcare professionals across a premier fast-paced medical healthcare facility while administering and maintaining healthcare records, organizing patient schedules, steering projects programs, architecting improvements to business healthcare operations, mitigating costs, maximizing compliance levels, and partnering with physicians and colleagues to share best practices and meet organizational objectives. data analysis of multiple projects within a system. ability to work under pressure and balance many competing priorities. maintain quality control and provided leadership oversight of patient safety. strong knowledge of electronic medical records emr system. develop project plans and identify key issues, identifies data needs and requirements proactively along with implement project solutions that meet productivity, quality and client-satisfaction goals. maintained confidentiality, sensitivity, accuracy, and compliance with organizational and hipaa regulations while managing patient, organizational, and healthcare information and entering, updating, and validating records. improved the overall patient experience while providing superior patient care and serving as a primary point of contact to positively impact patients, families, community referrals, and visitors. communicated with patients and families, physicians, and colleagues in a diplomatic, caring, and empathetic manner to provide emotional support, answer questions, resolve issues concerning the administrative coordination of their care, and ensure high levels of patient satisfaction. identified roadblocks to architect innovative performance improvements charged with resolving issues, increasing efficiency effectiveness, enhancing business operations, meeting long short term objectives, optimizing the quality of patient care, boosting fiscal revenues, and maximizing compliance levels. assigned and prioritized patient care services, procedures, and appointments to meet aggressive simultaneous objectives while also ensuring patients have time for rest and family visitation. provided administrative office accounting support. organized files and records, prepared invoices, agendas, and expense reports, created presentations, authored correspondence letters memoranda, and ordered supplies. managed, allocated, and forecasted inventory levels, monitored equipment supplies, and scheduled maintenance repairs to ensure uninterrupted operations and the completion of complex projects programs within aggressive deadlines. empowered junior staff members to meet both individual and team goals by providing both training and positive and consultative leadership. answered questions, resolved staff operational issues, and shared best practices. skills work history medical record technician , 10 2014 to current company name city , state healthcare information management processes request for release of confidential information for all purposes. analyzes complex data for completeness and accuracy. performs specialized and diversified clerical duties associated with medical records procedures. adheres to internal controls and reporting structure. collect, analyze and report data related to the quality of health information including its adequacy completeness and accuracy. analyzes, interprets and investigates complex documentation compliance issues. distributes and release information in an efficient manner of time in order to improve health outcomes and quality of service maintain regulatory compliance such as hippa and monitors quality of releasing health information ensures customer service satisfaction and builds high level of leadership for business operations. healthcare unit coordinator , 01 2012 to 03 2014 company name city , state unit 1. voluenteer floor host , 01 2010 to 01 2012 company name city , state demonstrated compassion, respect, leadership, expertise, and dignity while interacting with patients, families, physicians, and colleagues of diverse cultural socio-economic backgrounds and beliefs aggregated and organized patient data with sensitivity and confidentiality, distributed patient mail, communicated healthcare standards and organizational protocols, and resolved roadblocks. implement quality improvement activities to increase patient satisfaction. creates, manages and analyzes complex databases. ensure quality and timely execution of project deliverables effectively within the organization. establishes practices that meet or exceed customer expectations and fosters a customer focused environment. maintained accurate documentation records in compliance with organizational government guidelines. upheld the philosophies objectives of patient care while both participating in department process improvement activities and accelerating professional knowledge development. healthcare unit coordinator , 06 2012 to 03 2014 company name city , state composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers. composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers. oversaw inventory and office supply purchases. reduced overhead by taking on more responsibility with creative and administrative projects. managed executive calendar and coordinated weekly project team meetings. led the planning and achievement of goals and objectives consistent with the agency mission and philosophy. strategically planned methods to achieve operational goals and targets. continually maintained and improved the company s reputation and positive image in the markets served. facilitated an on-going assessment of patient family needs and implementation of interdisciplinary team care plan. introduced, negotiated and implemented new projects to expand scope of engagement. investigated and reported issues relating to patient care or conditions that might hinder patient well-being. cooperated and communicated effectively with physicians to ensure client satisfaction and compliance with set standards. identified process improvements in the day-to-day functioning of the department. closely collaborated with management team to make necessary improvements and satisfy resident needs. continually improved knowledge, skills and performance based on feedback and self-identified professional developmental needs. participated in facility surveys and inspections made by authorized governmental agencies. confirmed accurate completion of forms reports for the admission, transfer and or discharge of each resident. analyzed patient and family feedback to identify opportunities for staff recognition as well as areas for improvement. maintained good communication between department heads, medical staff and governing boards by attending board meetings and synchronizing interdepartmental functions. created and maintained computerized record management systems to record and process data and generate reports. education m.h.a.masters healthcare administration , 2014 the university of phoenix - city , state healthcare administration b.s bachelor of science business administration , 1 2008 dallas baptist university - business administration certifications cpr certified, first aid certified, and six sigma certified-black and green belt expertrating.com strong analytical and effective communication, excellent verbal, written and interpersonal skills, professional handling of exposure to confidential sensitive information, proficient in spreadsheet, word processing and presentation software, maintain positive and supportive attitude and demeanor skills business operations, clerical, com, interpersonal skills, cpr certified, customer service, databases, documentation, first aid, government, leadership, access, excel, mail, microsoft office, outlook, powerpoint, word, monitors, organizational, process improvement, processes, protocols, quality, quality improvement, reporting, six sigma, spreadsheet, word processing, written