office manager managing director professional summary innovative, customer-oriented healthcare administrator with background in managed, ambulatory and long-term care. strong background in quality assurance, claims analysis and management principles and practices. seeking a leadership role within an integrated delivery system. skills adept at prioritizing managing deadlines strong p resentation skills patient-focused care accomplished leader trained in pre- and post-surgical care patient evaluation intervention competent in physical assessments professional bedside manner minor surgery assistance awareness work history office manager managing director 02 2014 to current company name city , state overseeing entire clinical department and ensuring physician orders are followed through as requested overseeing all of the office staff and the daily operations of the company day to day problem solving for all departments in the office, as well as taking problematic phone calls for all departments hiring and training new office staff hiring and training new doctors and physician assistants, completing all the necessary paperwork enrolling doctors and pas with medicare and malpractice insurance setting up new employees with practice fusion and payroll communicating with doctors and physician assistants on a daily basis to ensure the day is running smoothly and resolving any issues they may have marketing to home health companies to company payroll quality assurance. quality assurance 04 2013 to 02 2014 company name city , state liaising with patients, nurses, doctors, pharmacists and various medical personnel on a daily basis to provide the utmost service to all involved in patient care. follow up with patients, doctors and nurses to ensure that everything was accomplished as required. inputting patient information from the doctor s notes into the electronic medical records. ordering and following up with laboratory and diagnostic workup as requested by the doctor, as well as calling in medication to the pharmacy. recruited, hired, trained and coached on average of number new employees per year. established and maintained systems that safely met residents needs. skillfully developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of performance, policies and procedures. developed a system of staff communication that ensured proper implementation of treatment plans and comprehensive patient care. consistently complied with applicable laws and regulations and ensured facility adhered to medicare and medicaid regulations. interpreted and communicated new or revised policies to staff. established and oversaw implementation of an effective budgeting and accounting system that improved efficiency and reduced costs. developed and achieved financial and growth goals. continually maintained and improved the company s reputation and positive image in the markets served. encouraged creative thinking, problem solving, and empowerment as part of the facility management group to improve morale and teamwork. routinely collaborated with department managers to correct problems and improve services. supervised and managed the daily activities of a clinical team consisting of number physicians, nurses and support staff. facilitated an on-going assessment of patient family needs and implementation of interdisciplinary team care plan. investigated and reported issues relating to patient care or conditions that might hinder patient well-being. led clinical team in delivering care services that promoted optimal resident health. volunteer 09 2011 to 05 2013 company name city , state interviewed patients to obtain medical information, weight and height measurements and vital signs. documented patient information obtained from interviews. completed clinical rotations in geriatrics. responsible for primary care, case management, and medication management. assessed patients and documented their medical histories. evaluated patient care needs, prioritized treatment, and maintained patient flow. assisted doctors with surgeries and non-invasive procedures. collected blood, tissue and other laboratory specimens and prepared them for lab testing. performed vitals glucose testing and assisted in administering injections and urinalysis. managed care for post-operative patients through discharge. accurately recorded and reported test results according to established procedures. healthcare 01 2009 to 01 2011 company name effectively communicated with patients to convey information about procedures in a clear, concise manner. consistently updated patient charts, performed blood work, assisted doctors in surgery, conducted patient physicals, and aided in patient therapy sessions. loretto hospital. bethany hospital. education m.d. 1 2011 windsor university school of medicine - city top number of class continuing education in topic awards school diligence award - 2005 writer s craft award 2005 world issues award - 2005 skills charts, concise, hiring, insurance, notes, marketing, office, payroll, personnel, problem solving, quality assurance, phone additional information awards school diligence award - 2005 writer s craft award - 2005 world issues award - 2005 volunteer ann and robert h. lurie children s hospital, chicago, illinois formerly children s memorial hospital