operations manager professional summary excellent time management abilities with sound relationship and building skills. able to manage effectively at all levels, strong leadership skills and strong financial/analytical understandings. developed and managed monthly and yearly budgets implemented total quality management (tqm) and empowered staff to maximize their growth potentials. profit/loss statements (graphs) to show supervisors (ceo, president) month to month statements on how each department and/or company was doing, along with recommendations on what should be done to continue or improve on previous months and trends. managed multiple sites program development hire and terminations of all employees highlights of accomplishments increase profits by increasing both billing revenue and productivity of employees. improve customer satisfaction through education and decreasing scheduling conflicts. decrease loss revenue through billing department working with customers and payments educating customers on their responsibilities to pay improve employee production decrease the amount of employee sick time through incentive programs highly analytical healthcare management professional combining more than 28 years of work in healthcare with proficiency in financial management, leadership and positive clinical outcomes. skills budgeting proficiency strategic planning capability accomplished leader analytical thinker independent judgment and decision making quality improvement competency promotes positive behavior work history 03/2004 to 02/2008 operations manager company name – city , state performed all business responsibilities for the rehab department of a physician group practice. program development, business growth, and customer service. skillfully developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of performance, policies and procedures. led the planning and achievement of goals and objectives consistent with the agency mission and philosophy. recruited, hired, trained and coached on average of 3 new employees per year. developed a system of staff communication that ensured proper implementation of treatment plans and comprehensive patient care. consistently complied with applicable laws and regulations and ensured facility adhered to medicare and medicaid regulations. established and oversaw implementation of an effective budgeting and accounting system that improved efficiency and reduced costs. oversaw private and mcr billing, payroll, ap, and ar and verified that proper procedures were followed. developed and achieved financial and growth goals. strategically planned methods to achieve operational goals and targets. encouraged creative thinking, problem solving, and empowerment as part of the facility management group to improve morale and teamwork. reviewed customer survey information to prioritize areas of improvement. achieved high staff morale and retention through effective communication, prompt problem resolution, proactive supervisory practices and facilitating a proactive work environment. cooperated and communicated effectively with physicians to ensure client satisfaction and compliance with set standards. conducted monthly patient case conferences, in-services and staff meetings to educate staff and facilitate good communication. certified that equipment and supplies were properly maintained for quality patient care and safety. identified process improvements in the day-to-day functioning of the department. managed and directed fiscal operations, including planning budgets, authorizing expenditures, accounting, establishing service rates and coordinating financial reporting. 07/2000 to 02/2004 healthcare business director company name – city , state implemented business plans and growth potential through expanding outreach clinics and outpatient facilities. increased awareness of hospital to outlying population through free clinics and community education. led the planning and achievement of goals and objectives consistent with the agency mission and philosophy. skillfully developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of performance, policies and procedures. established and oversaw implementation of an effective budgeting and accounting system that improved efficiency and reduced costs. developed and achieved financial and growth goals. strategically planned methods to achieve operational goals and targets. introduced, negotiated and implemented new projects to expand scope of engagement. identified process improvements in the day-to-day functioning of the department. 03/1993 to 07/2000 business director company name – city , state performed business duties to increase revenue through higher patient referrals by means of marketing strategies, decreased debt and increased overall profit so company could re-sell clinic for higher profit. skillfully developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of performance, policies and procedures. developed a system of staff communication that ensured proper implementation of treatment plans and comprehensive patient care. interpreted and communicated new or revised policies to staff. established and oversaw implementation of an effective budgeting and accounting system that improved efficiency and reduced costs. developed and achieved financial and growth goals. 04/1989 to 02/1993 business manager company name – city , state led the planning and achievement of goals and objectives consistent with the agency mission and philosophy. established and maintained systems that safely met residents' needs. consistently complied with applicable laws and regulations and ensured facility adhered to medicare and medicaid regulations. routinely collaborated with department managers to correct problems and improve services. 06/1986 to 02/1989 staff/business office company name – city , state introduced, negotiated and implemented new projects to expand scope of engagement. established standards for selection, promotion and termination of staff. facilitated an on-going assessment of patient/family needs and implementation of interdisciplinary team care plan. education 1986 bachelor of science : business management/healthcare university of south alabama - city , state business management 1984 associate of applied science : human services monroe community college - city , state human services accomplishments ordained minister skills business plans, customer service, marketing strategies, profit, program development additional information community/volunteer services board member: greece historical society