dining services coordinator professional summary i have worked in fine dining, in hotels, for more than half of my career, and i also have experience in the hospitalsetting. i have been in the elderly care field for the last 20 years. i have menu creativity, and i can work a smallbudget or a large one. i don't believe in waste, therefore i will use leftovers to create wonderful soups sauces and salads. expert in managing kitchen staff and preparing foods at reduced cost without compromising quality and taste. skills team leadership process implementation budgeting and finance institutional and batch cooking self-motivated beautiful presentation of food strong verbal communication strong attention to safe food handling procedures staff development effective planner employee training and development food presentation talent fine-dining expertise servsafe certification ordering and invoicing outgoing and energetic cpr certification training personnel committed team player work history dining services coordinator 07/2016 to currentbrookdale hampton covehampton cove, alabamaexpertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers. systematically tasted and smelledall prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and garnishes. effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff inproducing food for banquets, catered events and member dining areas. consistently kept a clean and safeenvironment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements. consistently kept aclean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements.ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving. followedproper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food products. managed employees,performed all in services, cooked and coordinated with the registered dietitian, to comply with state regulations. cleaned and washed dishes, executed special dinners, and holiday events. stayed in budget and ordered allsupplies and food for housekeeping, nurses, and kitchen staff. dining services coordinator 07/2016 to current company name – city , state 07/2016 to currentbrookdale hampton covehampton cove, alabamaexpertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers. systematically tasted and smelledall prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and garnishes. effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff inproducing food for banquets, catered events and member dining areas. consistently kept a clean and safeenvironment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements. consistently kept aclean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements.ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving. followedproper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food products. managed employees,performed all in services, cooked and coordinated with the registered dietitian, to comply with state regulations. cleaned and washed dishes, executed special dinners, and holiday events. stayed in budget and ordered allsupplies and food for housekeeping, nurses, and kitchen staff. healthcare kitchen manager 10/2011 to 01/2015 company name alabamaestablished and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team. collaborated closely with thefood and beverage director to conduct staff meetings and resolve service, product and personnel issues.collaborated extensively with interdisciplinary care team to meet the nutritional needs of each resident.established healthful and therapeutic meal plans and menus. coordinated nutrition care with other members ofthe health care team and delegated responsibilities. dining services director 07/2007 to 10/2011 company name – city , state communicated openly and honestly with the management team during each shift to ensure it ran smoothly. skills communication, training, empowering, budget control, â transforming leftovers into soups salads and delicious meals. â development of a stable communication, training, empowering, budget control, â transforming leftovers into soups salads and delicious meals. â development of a stable staff, and happy residents. â able to generate all aspects of state regulations, records and logs kept up to date. â family functions and special events  are especially fun and happy.  professional and caring.  able to adapt to any circumstance and cook to perfection. education bachelor of science : human resources management 1998 faulkner universitymontgomery - state human resources management activities and honors certified in serve safe management, and ongoing classes through the company understanding the agingindividual. these classes are for aging with dementia, as well as any other problems that the aging person mayhave. although the classes are within the organization, they are very insightful, and informative. therefore i amable to understand and comply with residents needs as well as pleasuresfor their favorite foods. i have justcompleted my certification through online courses for substance abuse counseling. i believe the more you knowthe more you can help someone else.