occupational therapist professional summary highly motivated and accomplished business professional with 10 years experience in providing leadership and management to diverse teams while facilitating strategies for growth and profitability. comprehensive experience in multiple aspects of business operations, project management, regulatory compliance, customer satisfaction, staff training and procedure development implementation. leads by example as a tenacious, trustworthy, approachable, and results driven team player with adept communication and problem solving abilities. areas of expertise operational management computer skills client development project management program development finance analysis training development customer service organizational development presentation skills excellent communication skills business management skills computer expertise - electronic medical records, ms word, excel, access, publisher, powerpoint, outlook, quickbooks problem solving - proven ability to troubleshoot and develop creative, innovative solutions to business challenges successfully manage change for improved performance and efficiency management by mentoring - noted for ability to motivate performance, communicate strong messages, nurture partnerships, and deliver significant sales growth. history of successful health care leadership, sales and project management business operations - outstanding accomplishments in business startup, turnaround, and financial operational management across diverse industries, reinvigorating organizational infrastructure, inventory, technologies, processes and financial measurement systems customer personal service - knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services including customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction skills work history occupational therapist , 02 2014 to current company name city , state prescribing and implementing occupational therapy services to pediatric population of 0-21 yrs. administering and interpreting evaluation needed for treatment of fine, oral, and gross motor skills and sensory dysfunction. prescribing, fitting, and training of medical devices for disabled persons. senior director of operations , 07 2008 to 09 2013 company name state responsible for the operational oversight of ancillary services product line including home health, outpatient rehabilitation, private duty nursing, skilled nursing, and premium programs, within multiple regions encompassing direct supervision of regional directors of operations, home health administrators, sales and marketing, recruitment teams, compliance, and in direct supervision of over 200 plus employees. directed multi-site branch office operations in compliance with all federal and state regulations. established policy and procedure standards focused on quality improvement and best demonstrated clinical practice. led region in multiple deficiency free medicare surveys to include home health, rehab agencies, skilled nursing facilities. led a team responsible for the development of start -up home care agencies and rehab agencies. monitored and directed the development, implementation, and maintenance of therapy and home health in senior living communities and home care agencies in multiple states.  increased gross revenue from 250,000 to 4 million annual from 2010 to 2013 improved home health penetration throughout owned and managed senior living communities from less than 5 percent to 16 percent achieved same store gross margin growth of 6 to 10 in therapy and 25 in home care. healthcare coordinator , 01 2004 to 01 2008 company name prescribing and implementing occupational therapy services to adult and geriatric population. administering and interpreting evaluation needed for treatment of overall wellness, physical dysfunction, gross motor, endurance, memory, muscular, and sensory dysfunction. management of staffing, team building, caseload development, integrations, and compliance. building bridges therapy and learning centers co-owner, therapy director, and occupational therapist created strategies to enhance company deliverables for clinicians, generating additional revenue streams to capture new customers, increase market share and increase customer satisfaction. management of client services. caseload development, marketing of services, orientations or new employees, financial oversight and analysis. development and implementation of sensory, oral motor, low vision programs for child under 21 yrs. prescribing and implementing occupational therapy services to pediatric population of 0-21 yrs. administering and interpreting evaluation needed for treatment of fine, oral, and gross motor skills and sensory dysfunction. prescribing, fitting, and training of medical devices for disabled persons. regional director , responsible for all operational, philosophical, and technical training and program development in home health, outpatient, hospice, and skilled nursing settings. provide education on company policies, procedures, rules, regulations, therapeutic processes, financials, management tools, management approaches, documentation. conduct presentations on models and theories that support the services, culture, and best practices of the organization. provide a rolling mentorship for clinicians and managers within the organization. development and education on therapeutic and wellness interventions and programs in order to provide the best quality of care in the industry. development and presentation of aota accredited ceu programs balance, low vision, urinary incontinence, and dementia management. training and implementation of digital documentation systems for all product lines nationwide. education bachelor of science occupational therapy , 5 2004 midwestern university - city , state gpa graduated suma cum laude gpa 3.6 occupational therapy graduated suma cum laude gpa 3. address udent, mwu, class of masters of business administration healthcare management , 6 2014 university of phoenix - gpa phoenix arizona graduate magnum cum laude gpa 3.89 healthcare management phoenix arizona graduate magnum cum laude gpa 3.89 graduate certificate in accounting cpa exam candidate 3 2015 skills accounting, acquisitions, art, balance, bridges, business operations, business plan, oral, cpa, client, customer satisfaction, documentation, financials, financial, team building, leadership, director, marketing, market, memory, mentoring, mergers, network, nursing, policies, presentations, processes, program development, quality, recruitment, reporting, sales, staffing, strategic, technical training, vision