customer service representative summary my favorite part of working is being able to interact with people. i love to provide customer service and provide the best experience with the company. my personal experiences have made me realize i like to make a call or a store visit more worthwhile for the customer. my purpose is make what can be a boring or tedious task to be a better experience and make a happy and loyal customer. i mainly have worked in call centers and a little experience in sales and store customer service. highlights high customer service standards computer skills in power point, word, autocadd, chief architect, word spreadsheet, some excel, internet, and intranet. bilingual in spanish proficient in reading and writing in spanish dedicated to process improvement strong writing skills and comprehension in both conflict resolution proficiency english and spanish devoted to data integrity troubleshooting skills proficient with microsoft office suite accomplishments managed call flow with up to 200 calls in queue per minute. exceeded corporate target for customer satisfaction for 2-3 months in a row several times. earned cash bonuses for customer satisfaction several times experience customer service representative sep 2014 to mar 2015 company name city , state tmg is a call center where i attended customers with their medicare rx plans and for medicare advantage plans. accomplished customer satisfaction with members regarding billing, advising on health and dental benefits, quoting benefits and enrollments. customer service representative oct 2013 to sep 2014 company name city , state provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries. demonstrated mastery of customer service call script within specified timeframes. improved customer ratings. sitel is a call center that is a third party outsourcing company that takes billing calls for usaa insurance company. my job was to answer billing inquiries for home and auto insurance. successfully set up non payment cancellation arrangements, applied payments and resolved billing issues. customer service representative aug 2011 to may 2013 company name city , state collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals. made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests. provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries. addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication. worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction. built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues. provided assistance to customers with online orders. communicated any video rentals owed via the store portals when needed. besides attending customers on phone, i also resolved issues to customer requests and assistance via emails sent in to company. worked with management and corresponding departments related with complaints received from customers. customer service oct 2009 to may 2010 company name city , state i worked for headway corporate on a contract temporary basis at aig wnl where i had the opportunity to speak to clients about their retirement plans and products like 401k s and annuities. maintained up-to-date records at all times. built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues. agent apr 2006 to feb 2009 company name city , state represented nationwide as a licensed customer service agent performed quotes and changes to auto and home insurance policies. provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries. addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. maintained up-to-date records at all times. properly directed inbound calls in phone queues to improve call flow. floor sales associate may 2004 to oct 2005 company name city , state enhanced customer service by interacting with customers and pinpointing their search an d needs on the product they were looking for. boosted sales by offering other choices and taking advantage of the sale for the week. healthcare provider aug 1999 to oct 2001 company name city , state ahs is a company who cares for mentally and physically disabled adults. my job consisted of helping patients with their everyday activities, including transportation and med administration. observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager. planned, prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets. healthcare provider jan 1999 to aug 1999 company name city , state through manna i cared for a mentally and physically disabled adult. i cared for only one because i was a long distance employee in el paso, tx. positioned client for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problems. documented client records on daily flow sheets. communicated to parents of client and to company. cared for client at either parents home as well as transportation when needed. education associate of arts , interior design 2004 amarillo college city , state , usa associate of arts , interior design border institute of technology amarillo college city , state began associates degree here but moved to amarillo and continued and finished education in amarillo interests my interests are my family and enjoying my husband and children. i love history, arts and movies. we love to travel, sight seeing and visiting other family members. languages i am fluent, reading, writing, and speaking both english and spanish. skills excellent interpersonal skills compassionate and trustworthy detail-oriented time management professional and friendly telephone skills active learning additional information i like to spend time with family and church family. i like to support school fund raisers and show appreciation for music and arts.