staffing manager professional summary s well to change and possesses extensive expert knowledge of human resources employment process within a variety of industries. job title focused on improving productivity, increasing efficiency and enhancing quality. consistently exceeds goals for staffing and retention. human resources recruiter accomplished in sourcing, screening, qualifying and closing candidates, as well as coordinating interviews and follow up. skills good judgment human resources policies sales techniques job fairs planning safety training workforce planning pre-screening candidates pre-screening candidates employment laws and practices time management work history 06 address affing manager company name city , state top performer in top quartile of expectations recognized for setting branch record for placements hours in first quarter recruited high number of new companies and candidates recaptured previous companies business expanded existing client relationship to generate additional job orders recruiting and placement source, screen and interview qualified candidate pool based on job specifications and customer needs and preferences present and assist client with selection candidate process to fulfill job orders ensuring qualified, capable and motivated candidates fulfill client expectations maintain on-going contact with client companies and temporary professionals currently on assignment to ensure both receive exceptional customer service resolve any customer service issues quickly and efficiently to maintain the highest level of customer satisfaction develop pool of available temporary administrative professional workers to quickly fill job orders and short term assignments candidate recruitment and retention develop pool of available temporary administrative professional workers to quickly fill job orders and short term assignments business development develop and grow your own client base by marketing our services for temporary and or temporary-to- full-time staffing solutions market to clients via telephone as well as conduct in-person meetings with key managers to senior-level executives market to clients via telephone as well as conduct in-person meetings with key managers to senior- level executives build on existing client relationships to generate additional business opportunities participate in and market services at networking events to increase organizational presence in the local business community. developed and facilitated job recruitment fairs. promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews. led the creation of recruiting plans for all open positions. developed salary proposals for new recruits. made salary adjustments and managed contract renewals and promotions. developed and facilitated job recruitment fairs. addressed all employee harassment allegations, work complaints and other concerns. 02 2013 to current healthcare recruiter company name city , state established relationships with clients and developed recruiting strategies to find the right talent. on board hr compliance training. developed candidate pool and engagement. led the recruitment process, including initial assessments, interviews and offers. counsel the candidate on company benefits, salary and company environment. provided recruitment guidance to clients including hiring managers and hr professionals participated in webinars and conferences regarding employee referral programs and recruiting worked with outside recruiters in partnering up and doing 50 50 split arrangements. created and completed personnel action forms for all hires, terminations, title changes and terminations. tracked candidates and pushed for feedback on disqualifications, time-to-fill statistics and other variables. 12 2011 to 08 2013 marketing director company name city , state developed and executed marketing plans for our orthopedic specialty group and implementing them with hospitals, nursing homes, outpatient care centers and other medical facilities responsible for recruiting and developing key talent including clinical staff positions, improving internal processes and ongoing customer relations and services. maintained knowledge of new and existing surgical techniques and medical devices contact on regular basis referring physicians and prospective physicians, clinics and hospitals. established and maintained interactive relationships with managed care teams and office staff. doubled our patient census and revenue within the first address art date. designed office brochures, tv commercial, posting editing content on social media and identifying special practices so that our physicians can increase marketing value for our healthcare facility. responsible for providing information and insights regarding customers, markets and marketing effectiveness. created and submitted complete weekly marketing reports, census, market information, competitive activity, promotional marketing and ideas. participated in health fairs and local events to market our facility. created and maintained the organizational brand, and devising brand strategies. created and completed personnel action forms for all hires, terminations, title changes and terminations. 01 2010 to 01 2011 patient care services representative company name city , state partnered with local organizations and universities for engagement and interest in jobs offered in their community. converted employee status from temporary to permanent. screened all applicants based on their qualifications and background. facilitated all new employee orientations to foster a positive team attitude. pre-screened all resumes prior to sending them to corporate hiring managers for consideration. networked with industry contacts, association memberships and associates. posted positions through approved recruitment channels. developed salary proposals for new recruits. made salary adjustments and managed contract renewals and promotions. led the creation of recruiting plans for all open positions. promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews. organized new employee orientation schedules for all new hires. developed and facilitated job recruitment fairs. addressed all employee harassment allegations, work complaints and other concerns. 01 2007 to 01 2009 patient care services representative company name city , state addressed all employee harassment allegations, work complaints and other concerns. conducted exit interviews and verified that employment termination paperwork was completed. supported management in developing and implementing personnel policies and procedures. hired employees and initiated the new hire paperwork process. explained all of the human resources policies, procedures, laws, standards and regulations to each employee. tracked key dates and deadlines and maintained specific personnel lists. organized new employee orientation schedules for all new hires. promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews. coordinated meetings, developed meeting content and presented all human resources law updates. led the creation of recruiting plans for all open positions. 01 2006 to 01 2007 surgery coder company name city , state tracked key dates and deadlines and maintained specific personnel lists. coordinated meetings, developed meeting content and presented all human resources law updates. promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews. posted positions through approved recruitment channels. made salary adjustments and managed contract renewals and promotions. pre-screened all resumes prior to sending them to corporate hiring managers for consideration. facilitated all new employee orientations to foster a positive team attitude. 01 2004 to 01 2006 administrative assistant company name city , state promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews. led the creation of recruiting plans for all open positions. developed salary proposals for new recruits. made salary adjustments and managed contract renewals and promotions. posted positions through approved recruitment channels. pre-screened all resumes prior to sending them to corporate hiring managers for consideration. facilitated all new employee orientations to foster a positive team attitude. screened all applicants based on their qualifications and background. supported the annual program name program by preparing worksheets, communication materials and coordinating meetings. converted employee status from temporary to permanent. researched and prepared a new termination of employment policy. tracked candidates and pushed for feedback on disqualifications, time-to-fill statistics and other variables. specifically assigned to the department name department for the recruitment of up to number requisitions. 01 2003 to 01 2004 medical insurance specialistpain control associate company name city , state conducted exit interviews and verified that employment termination paperwork was completed. conducted exit interviews and verified that employment termination paperwork was completed. supported management in developing and implementing personnel policies and procedures. hired employees and initiated the new hire paperwork process. explained all of the human resources policies, procedures, laws, standards and regulations to each employee. developed and facilitated job recruitment fairs. organized new employee orientation schedules for all new hires. tracked key dates and deadlines and maintained specific personnel lists. coordinated meetings, developed meeting content and presented all human resources law updates. promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews. led the creation of recruiting plans for all open positions. made salary adjustments and managed contract renewals and promotions. developed salary proposals for new recruits. 01 1999 to 01 2003 medical insurance account representative company name city , state coordinated meetings, developed meeting content and presented all human resources law updates. promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews. led the creation of recruiting plans for all open positions. developed salary proposals for new recruits. made salary adjustments and managed contract renewals and promotions. tracked candidates and pushed for feedback on disqualifications, time-to-fill statistics and other variables. specifically assigned to the department name department for the recruitment of up to number requisitions. created and completed personnel action forms for all hires, terminations, title changes and terminations. handled all immigration-related issues for each business unit. education 1 1998 diploma sharyland high school - city coursework in english, communications and journalism 1 2000 s diploma south texas vocational college - city , state 1 2002 south texas college mcallen, texas lvn - utpa 2002-2004 edinburg, texas address art cna school 2011-2011 mcallen, texas cna-texas certified skills administrative, benefits, brochures, business development, cna, competitive, conferences, content, client, clients, customer relations, customer satisfaction, customer service, editing, hiring, hr, marketing plans, marketing, market, meetings, office, networking, nursing, organizational, processes, recruiting, recruitment, staffing, telephone, tv