global business development manager marketing summary professional account manager trained in building strategic network ties and increasing sales revenues. cultivates and maintains strong customer relationships. skills skilled in ms office prospecting and cold calling strong interpersonal skills strategic account development relationship selling team building expertise product training and placement proven sales track record strong deal closer strong communicator exceptional customer service skills accomplishments established thirty new accounts in a single year through successful business development management skills. a company record. gigaspaces technologies turned a one thousand dollar a year territory into a one million dollar territory in just a little under 2 years. buzz food service earned the 2012 spirit of generosity award . given once a year to a salesperson who demonstrated an outstanding commitment to customer service in a way that improved both company reputation and work environment. buzz food service master of brand advantage master s level meat course. buzz food service 2006 employee of the year, education, employment and training department. goodwill of the kanawha valley experience global business development manager marketing 09 2015 current company name city , state grew customer base from 10 accounts to 35 accounts in a year s time . established over 30 new international sales relationships. closed deals with several fortune 500 companies. recognized for aggressive lead generation and work ethic. trained sales teams on educational products at seminars and special events. worked closely with company executives to identify new business opportunities. gathered all relevant materials for bid processes and coordinated bidding and contract approval. sales rep. 09 2012 08 2017 company name city , state grew assigned sales territory over 75 consistently second in sales among sales team demonstrating ability to foster and close new business accounts. phone employee of the year for generosity of service. one of 150 salesmen nationwide to complete certified angus beef masters of brand program. managed a portfolio of 60 accounts, which generated 1.2 million in revenue per year . grew customer base from 5 accounts to 60 accounts in a little under two years . collaborated with other account managers to prepare and deliver performance updates and quarterly business reviews. ranked in top 5 of sales representatives out of 10 representatives in the west virginia, kentucky and ohio region. wrote, proofed and edited sales proposals and correspondence. surpassed annual quota by 75 . answered customers questions about products prices, availability, uses and credit terms. instruction and job development coordinator 05 2005 10 2011 company name city , state 2006 employee of the year, education, employment and training department. goodwill of the kanawha valley managed a team of 10 job coaches to assist clients with disabilities earn and maintain employment. established relationships in the community to develop new career opportunities for clients with disabilities. taught classes on life skills, interpersonal and professional relationship building. recommended individuals to customers based on their needs and interests, resulting in a long lasting employee and happy employer. delivered exceptional account service to strengthen customer loyalty. planned, created and delivered sales presentations on the value of hiring someone with a disability. education and training 2002 bachelor of arts west virginia state university - marketing city , state , us 3.5 gpa dean s list from phone coursework in business administration and management interests enjoy coaching children in both basketball and baseball . these are my passions. i m a member of south charleston first church of nazarene, teaching classes and helping with charities, like heart and hand organized grant funding and community support for active kids program fighting local childhood obesity, established in 2002. continues to be implemented in kanawha county schools running and lifting weights, camping, fishing and kayaking. skills sales software cmr s salesforce.com, salesloft, sales genius and rainking. proficient in all microsoft office products. additional information community involvement and awards 2012 awarded buzz food companies spirit of generosity award phone education employment and training employee of the year phone wv association of rehabilitation facilities award for outstanding placement of individuals with disabilities into community employment member of south charleston first church of nazarene, teaching classes and coaching basketball community outreach with heart and hand organized grant funding and community support for active kids program fighting local childhood obesity, established in 2002. continues to be implemented in kanawha county schools