business development intern summary highly skilled and organized individual who has won employee of the month a lot of times with an infectious enthusiasm to work in fast paced environment. highlights focused and disciplined healthy cuisine expert high volume production capability exceptional written and oral communication abilities bilingual english twi experience dietary aide , 09 2013 to current company name city , state collaborated extensively with interdisciplinary care team to meet the nutritional needs of each resident. devised meal plans in line with patients age, gender, diagnosis, cultural background and religious practices. conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports. advised new cooking techniques and equipment to kitchen staff. chef , 05 2013 to 08 2013 company name city , state identified opportunities to increase revenue, decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departmental productivity without compromising guest satisfaction. served classic english, french and modern european. collaborated closely with the food and beverage director to conduct staff meetings and resolve service, product and personnel issues kitchen manager , 08 2008 to 04 2013 company name city , state operated large-volume cooking equipment such as grills, deep-fat fryers and griddles. tremendously increased sales after becoming the manager. monitored customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts. directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, food preparation determined staff promotions and demotions, and terminated employees when necessary. up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. education curlinary , 1999 kumasi polytechnic city , ghana coursework in culinary arts coursework in business and restaurant management curlinary , 1990 sunyani polytechnic city , ghana coursework in culinary arts skills proficient with large cooking machines great culinary skills organizational skills highly motivated