business development manager summary an experienced manager who is highly motivated and has vast knowledge of the retail industry. as a perfect role model for the team, able to coach, give feedback, build morale, roll out initiatives, and make recommendations on merchandising and product presentation. able to handle high-profile and hands-on management roles that require commercial acumen and creative flair. as an exceptional person and also able to drive brand availability, willing to take on board new ideas adapt them further to make them my own. i am ambitious and passionate about everything and comes from a strong sales and service background that allows to thrive in any competitive and challenging retail environments. right now ready and qualified for the next stage in an already hugely successful career and is looking forward to making a significant contribution to any future employer highlights organizational and planning skills oral and written communication customer service numerical and analytical ability it skills shopper,tally,voyager creativity and imagination business and commercial acumen ability to lead and motivate a team drive, motivation and initiative influencing and negotiation good team player   work under pressure and deadlines accomplishments opened 4 ebo s of u.s.polo assn. stores within our franchise network pch life style ltd. opened 5 ebo s and 50 mbo s for the brand john players achieved best b.d.m award for 0 shrinkage in my entire region. increased the sales volumes by over 70 in a single financial year for all brands established the market for mbo denizen channel in coastal a.p. territory achieved the best store manager award for highest sales in a month january 2010 for the peter england store achieved the targets of ebo s opened the first ever double brand store u.s.polo assn. flying machine in vijayawada, andhra pradesh in 2011 experience business development manager mar 2014 to current company name city , state handling brand ramond develop sales and marketing strategies to drive sales growth in the assigned area. develop and manage an efficient distribution network to improve sales performance. manage the sales team for sales growth and revenue enhancement conduct market research to understand competitors and market trends. provide innovative ideas and suggestions to improve the market presence. coordinate with zonal sales manager to enhance sales performance. maintain relationship with existing customers for repeat business. build sales culture and sale centric atmosphere among the team members. maintain contacts with financial center personnel, processionals and personal contacts to build referrals. provide timely feedback to the sales personnel regarding their sales performance. provide trainings, educational workshops and challenging opportunities for enhancing career growth of employees. conduct business plan review meetings with sales team. develop creative promotional strategies to attract more customers. appreciate the contributions and accomplishments of sales employees through proper rewarding mechanism. develop performance improvement plan for sales team to meet performance goals area sales exe nov 2012 to mar 2014 company name city , state work involves selling the popular premium brand john players. handling 11 ebo s in all retail parameters. expansion of mbo and ebo business. monitoring all trade operation in entire coastal andhra pradesh. in charge of 50 retail dealers in coastal a.p. development of the trade marketing strategy to achieve defined business objectives across all product categories. shapes the brand strategy, working with the brand team to incorporate feedback from the affiliates, apply regional judgment and align on choices with global leadership team. contribute to the company s goals and objectives and improve brand, customer satisfaction and productivity establishing channel strategies and implementing the associated plans. development of a trade promotional plan with key customers and channels. handling field and venue bookings for channel sales. for any form of communication directly or indirectly linked to company brand equity works under strict supervision and taking responsibility of marketing team. working closely with key retailers to provide category and shopper insights to drive performance. managing and motivating a team to increase sales and ensure efficiency managing stock levels and making key decisions about stock control in retail stores. analyzing sales figures and forecasting future sales. analyzing and interpreting trends to facilitate planning. using information technology to record sales figures, for data analysis and forward planning. dealing with staffing issues such as interviewing potential staff, conducting appraisals and performance reviews, as well as providing or organizing training and development. ensuring standards for quality, customer service and health and safety are met. resolving health and safety, legal and security issues. responding to customer complaints and comments. organizing special promotions, displays and events. attending and chairing meetings. updating team on business performance, new initiatives and other pertinent issues. maintaining awareness of market trends in the retail industry, understanding forthcoming customer initiatives and monitoring what local competitors are doing. initiating changes to improve the business, e.g. revising opening hours to ensure the stores are compete effectively in the local market business development manager jul 2010 to nov 2012 company name city , state work involves selling the popular premium brands in fashion quotient handling 4 mbo s of fashion quotient stores, visual merchandising, operations etc. it s an inventive of pch lifestyle ltd. handling 18 ebo s, visual merchandising, operations etc. training the store manager for product knowledge and also sales pitch etc. retail stores- maintenance supervising driving the stores towards profitability for the organization providing value added services to all the customers for a long term business relation -ship arranging different promotional activities in the store surroundings. store manager jun 2009 to jul 2010 company name city , state work involves selling the popular brand peter england touring the sales floor regularly, talking to colleagues and customers, and identifying or resolving urgent issues promoting the organization locally by liaising with local schools, newspapers and the community in general dealing with sales, as and when required. to give a correct guideline to the c.c.a s and motivate them to achieve the store targets. foor manager may 2008 to jun 2009 company name city , state work involves selling the above brands and local brands leading the team towards the floor target achievement serving customers arranging window displays ordering stock stock taking and inventory cleaning up store and display area convening team meetings recruiting and training new team members supervising staff performing ad hoc tasks delegating workload assisting in other store operations education mca , coumpter 2008 k.g.r.l p.g college city , state , india post-graduation mca-from k.g.r.l p.g college affiliated to andhra university in the year 2008 with a 1st class 71 bachelor s , science 2005 k.g.r.l degree college bachelor s degree in science, from k.g.r.l degree college affiliated to andhra university in the year 2005 with 60 personal attended product training program by arvind brands ltd. at pch corporate office. communications skills costumer service workshop by madura garments aditya birla group. attended training program by inspire one on building sales excellence communication profiling at itc lrbd head office. personal information driving license qatar valid driving skills proficient in the use of ms-office word excel powerpoint . voyager, shopper 08, 09 ,tally focus integrated erp software for retail garment stores