business development manager professional summary experienced, driven and successful sales professional recognized for consistently growing sales revenues and profitability. frequently selected by management to open new territories and rapidly develop sales pipelines through the use of innovative and imaginative sales and marketing programs that achieve maximum market exposure and penetration. parlays commitment to community and passionate for causes supported into strong networking and business alliances. proficiencies solution based sales key relationship management business development project management product knowledge territory management customer education training marketing brand positioning stakeholder engagement skills work history 09 2013 to 08 2014 business development manager company name city , state provided leadership and drove sales for organization providing workforce solutions to aerospace defense, engineering,. government, health care, life sciences, information technology and telecommunications industries. accomplishments consistently grew sales revenues and profitability extend coverage of indianapolis office to cover midwest region rapidly developed the sales pipelines with innovative and imaginative sales and marketing programs. 01 2012 to 01 2013 network solutions consultant company name city , state provided sales and leadership expertise to various departments including mentoring junior sales staff enhancing organizational sales for organization catering to information technology industry in providing staffing solutions. accomplishments 01 2011 to 01 2012 relocation consultant company name city , state served as recognized expert and solutions partner to clients of leader in the relocation industry in national account and commercial relocations while managing contract administration and compliance for book of business. accomplishments 01 2006 to 01 2008 director company name city , state motivator, driver and sales champion for leader in the ltl and tl business as well as kiosk delivery and installation. setting and maintaining bar for national and commercial accounts were maintained at high level of customer. satisfaction within client expectations, timelines and budgets. accomplishments 01 2005 to 01 2006 commercial relocation consultant company name city , state provided commercial relocation management sales and management expertise for three locations ensuring smooth. relocation services. generated sales in the areas of household goods, national accounts and commercial relocations. effectively penetrated markets, sought out and acquired new clients. successfully introduced and facilitated new marketing techniques in coaching junior staff. increased sales within assigned territory, for a total of 400,000 in new revenue. 01 2004 to 01 2005 relocation consultant company name city , state led teams, managed projects and provided relocation management services that increased the effectiveness of sales staff in support of leading company with locations in in, ky and oh. accomplishments 01 2002 to 01 2004 regional manager company name city , state expertly provided cod sales, national account sales and commercial sales in indianapolis, in marketplace and. surrounding states oh, mi, ky, tn and il for leading relocation organizations for mayflower in the united states. worked with both domestic and international relocations generating gross sales exceeding 500,000. assisted in the training of all new laborers and project managers on proper policies and procedures for commercial relocations. developed effective and innovative customer relationship management and marketing techniques. education associate s degree early education ashford university - city , state bachelor of science ashford university - city , state skills billing, book, budgets, coaching, contract administration, customer relationship management, crm, client, clients, client liaison, customer satisfaction, customer service, delivery, directing, government, information technology, invoicing, leadership, managing, marketing, market, mentoring, office, organizational, policies, project management, relationship management, rfp, sales, sales and management, staffing, telecommunications, training programs, author additional information community leadership rock steady boxing, volunteer coach for program designed to provide betterment of life for boxers diagnosed with parkinson s. assisted with the distribution of sponsorship information to contacts as well as annual table captain for two personal tables. junior achievement of indianapolis, volunteer for ja of indy as well at biztown as a mentor to students. families first, volunteer and hold seat of advisory council board member. helped gain donated items for silent live auction at annual event. helped with set up and organization of annual event. christian chamber of commerce, yearly sponsor of monthly lunch series mycomputercareer.com, guest speaker discussing importance of linkedin and possible advantages and disadvantages of social media in the job marketplace cardboard box ministries, mentor to organization and currently hold seat on board of directors