sr. business development director accomplishments cyber security classified systems - department of defense: held top secret, secret clearances windows server networks, disaster recovery, microsoft office applications guest teacher lee county schools career counseling high school and college level low vision support software, guide, zoom text, jaws support classroom lecture training on aviation and commercial business topics eh&s tier 1,2 auditor private pilot. professional summary top producing sales professional and expert in the aerospace  industry. dynamic communicator who consistently exceeds goals and company expectations. motivated business developer with solid experience managing all levels of large-scale projects, including budgeting and administration. client-focused sales representative with 8+ years of providing solutions to customers. solid understanding of the [ systems and program areas]. skills powerful negotiator risk management processes and analysis extremely organized team leadership client assessment and  analysis staff development budgeting and finance project management strong verbal communication self-motivated team liaison process implementation conflict resolution work history sr. business development director , 01/2014 to current company name – city , state manage and develop business relations with insurance marketplace clients sales. direct sales team with software sales nationally. consult clients to assess technology requirements and advise on software to address their needs. lead project management for complete life cycle of software build and customization. implemented marketing strategies which resulted in 12% growth of customer base. it program manager , 12/2012 to 01/2014 company name – city , state successfully built the confidence and trust of major companies, in xerox software and support through astute assessment of client needs and the development of strategies to meet them, raising customer satisfaction ratings from 'not happy' to 'extremely happy'. â provided product sales support in closing client software purchases resulting in 1.8 million in sales in one physical year devised and implemented a core process for project management that ensured sustained support, eliminated errors and achieved high levels of customer satisfaction. managed projects and support teams providing high quality of service to xerox clients in europe and usa, installing and supporting scanned invoice data software and international network installation between 4 countries. directed a team of 15 in the setup of a complex xerox mailroom in poland, networked between 3 countries, with a budget of $2m. provided project management for full lifecycle enhancement and break fix projects, recovering lost revenue. quality engineering analyst , 01/2007 to 01/2011 company name – city , state led training as instructor on six sigma tools and implementation techniques in a classroom setting. assisted in preparation of marketing materials for inter-departmental clients. implemented six sigma site support for best practice, and lead 20 departments in six sigma lean pilot projects on production line and business practices including conducting such process improvements as root cause analysis. â sales engineer support for rocket engine and jet engine sales for nasa, lockheed, and us airforce. coordinated six sigma best business practices/tier audits/environmental health and safety planning for rocket engine production and nasa support with configuration management led a team that achieved company 'gold standard' for the development and delivery of a customer focused strategy that consistently achieved error free completion, and on time delivery, in full consultation with customer to ensure needs were met. on time delivery equated to a savings of $1.5m for the company. developed quality management programs to assist internal staff, suppliers, customers and partners with initiatives to re-engineer processes and methods that ensured the attainment of cost, efficiency and quality objectives. assessed, monitored and implemented systematic process improvements on a wide variety of complex projects including but not limited to building space shuttle main engines, rs-25 engine, x-51 hypersonic engine, nuclear and electric ion engine, rl10, f119 and f135 military jet engines. this support included nasa contracts. quality engineering analyst , 01/1997 to 01/2007 company name – city , state played a key role in the advanced projects group - radar cross section x and ku band material science methods for ceramic materials with autocad nozzle design for jet engine with infrared applications. technical analyst for f-22 f119 engine and f-35 f135 engine ir and radar cross section analysis held responsibility for providing information security support for all classified nispom programs. provided department business development consultancy to identify and implement process improvements. key design support for computer contractors implementing a classified computing center. distributed computer systems analyst / network administrator , 01/1990 to 01/1996 company name – city , state provided computer consultancy and support for more than 200 workstations across 5 counties. installed and maintained microsoft windows server networks. coordinated and managed computer equipment logistics. skills  budget, business development, product sales, configuration management, consultation, contracts, customer satisfaction, ontime delivery, direct sales, engineering, environmental health and safety, information security, instructor, insurance, logistics, marketing materials, material science, microsoft windows, radar, network installation, project management, quality management, six sigma lean manufacturing education doctor of business administration management (d.b.a : argosy university - city , state mba : avaition , 2004 embry riddle university - state bachelor of science : computer science , 1984 southern adventist university - city , state computer science additional information awards & achievements process improvement gold site recertification award (space shuttle- pratt & whitney) 2009 eagle award (process improvement gold certification, space shuttle) 2006 - 2008 eagle award (cost saving to company of $500,000) 2002 high performance achievement award (f22 & f35 tactical fighter jets) [address]ate-of-the-art supercomputing facility construction (pratt & whitney) 2000 private pilot certificate ongoing certifications certified airman certificate (private pilot) single engine six sigma