director, business development professional summary results-driven and highly skilled business development director with in-depth state and federal government. expertise in identifying, developing, and executing strategic pursuits of new government opportunities. excellent healthcare and business process solutions experience leveraging new industry trends, as well as game-changing legislation and its impact to federal and state governments. open and clear communicator with demonstrated strategic vision and disciplined execution. capable in bringing immediate federal government healthcare-related opportunities. core qualifications extensive knowledge of the federal acquisition 32 years of experience with client engagement, oral, and written submission regulations  â skills in government opportunities demonstrated ability to organize, lead (or 20 years experience in government healthcare markets, state and federal participate), and direct teams of diverse business, 28 years of it and business experience with large and global it and leadership, and technological backgrounds, business solutions companies strong experience in teaming and partnering very strong analytical and business acumen arrangements for set-aside opportunities, as well as demand creation pursuits -- ability to integrate proven technology solutions large opportunities requiring small business programs into client's key strategic initiatives state governments experience in 17 states regarding federal government experience within veterans affairs, center of medicaid, health, human services, judicial, medicare and medicaid, dhs, fema, us marshal's, coast guard, cis, workers comp, employment, revenue/ taxation ice, irs, fbi, hud, fha, commerce, dol, opm, dod, dc gov. demonstrated ability shaping and branding experienced within large and small businesses, including ipos opportunities. author of several government white papers for the va and cms experience director, business development feb 2007 to current company name - city , state business development in the pursuit of healthcare applications, transactional processing, data acquisition, data aggregation/mining, saas and repository services, data storage, it support services, interoperability, epresentation, payment integrity, and advanced data analytics for fwa. led and participated several large-scale federal and state government acquisition teams. author of several white papers and presentations to client leadership and legislative entities. results: 56 opportunities, opportunity tcv ranged from $2.5m to $257m, with a success rate of 19%. over the 8 years generated $556m tcv. presently $495m in identified new opportunities. president's club 5 of the 8 years. ceo and president sep 2003 to jan 2007 company name - city , state start-up company within the state government markets providing it support services and innovative software solutions in provider healthcare and land-related records. start up company developed it-related services for state governments' and private healthcare provider records. first year growth to $2.1m, by december 2006 revenue growth to $7.3m, with a data repository over 500m-land related records for title companies and working on interoperability networks for healthcare providers and hospitals within the mid- atlantic state region. american title company acquired company repository assets in december 2006. vice president, commercial digital services feb 1996 to aug 2003 company name - city , state applied graphics technologies (agt) was part of the mort zuckerman publishing corporation as an ipo in 1996, providing new, innovative digital technology to the publishing firm's analog solutions, as well as the commercial markets. services offered were digital capture, management, storage, and presentation to large marketing firms, such as the nba, nfl, playboy, life and time magazines. over the 7-1/2 years opportunities ranged from $35m to $375m. success rate was over $820m for the 7 years. agt was sold to fuji digital services. generated revenue, climbed in 1997 from $150m to well over $ 600m annually by 2003. director, national and strategic accounts - digital and applied imaging group jan 1974 to jan 1996 company name - city , state a 22-year veteran within kodak. was an industrial engineer performing statistical release testing and client engineering support services. in 1983, trained as sales representative and maintained federal government sales within washington d.c., texas, north carolina, california, and new york. transitioned over to kodak's digital imaging and storage products and services in 1888 for kodak's larger business units and the federal government. by 1992, named as director for all national and strategic accounts (walmart, penneys, sears, etc.) across all of the 22 business units managing 7 business development representatives. generated revenue from 1992 to 1996, ranging from $100m to $900m. every year sales achievement exceeded revenue goals -- sales gold achievement every year. recognized as kodak's leading sales manager within the company (1994 and 1995). education college of continued accredidation , mechanical-industrial engineering 1983 rochester institute of technology - city , state , usa executive management , accelerated management program 1990 columbia university - city , state , usa business develoipment [address]orm - city , state , usa revenue storm is a renowned sales development program specializing in the it service industry. its unique application in demand creation and business development is one of the most sought out sales training program for sales professionals -- training was over two years. hipaa -- professional , hipaa certification 2002 hipaa academy - city , state , usa professional affiliations mid-atlantic professional affiliation (mapa), washington, dc mitchell international/jopari advisory board, san diego, ca