sales and business development executive summary sales management professional with over 15 years in business and management roles. demonstrates a passion for building relationships, cultivating partnerships and growing businesses. core qualifications operations management business development quality auditor project management customer service management b2b sales process management continuous improvement expert operations management staff development and training professional experience sales and business development february 1753 company name city , state build client brand image and drivie profits generate b2b revenue streams through drip emails and cold calls successfully target and approach various businesses and groups to educate on client services, and create a positive image for client brand while driving incremental sales and profit. target geo-specific communities and businesses. schedule appointments for staff, introduce special promotions, provide special incentives. leverage unique order management system for proper monitoring and fulfillment successfully utilize follow-up campaigns to foster relationships generate campaign analysis and reporting for roi and client objective goals sales project manager february 1753 company name city , state directed strategic initiatives to exceed contracted business objectives executed end to end customer experience management, estimating, art renderings, code and ordinance verification, order fulfillment, production management, subcontracting and coordinating local installers, billing and sales projections reporting. surpassed revenue goals growing sales incrementally from 265k in may to over 600k in august. brand manager volvo genuine parts district parts manager february 1753 company name city , state grew sales in c class dealers 13 in two us regions year over year. executed the consistency and direction of the volvo brand throughout supply chain. identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of company objectives and market trends. exceeded departmental sales margin objectives, developed availability improvements, designed pmr origination and tracking kpi s, improved technical support and innovation through vehicle modular teams. worked nationally with the parts organization to formulate policies and procedures that are profitable, efficient and customer focused. served as liaison and support for the field organization with product offerings, stocking levels, technical problems and other part problems. represented the volvo brand and its accomplishments in sanctioned national truck shows and regional supplier meetings. trained 56 dealerships in best practices for the following online sales, market penetration, business modeling, roi on outside sales throughout the united states and canada. vas parts manager company name city , state positions held report manager in 1999, promoted to database administrator in 2000, promoted to business analyst in 2001, promoted to parts quality supervisor in 2002, and promoted to customer service manager in 2004. successfully managed the activities of  17-20 direct reports in a 24 7 call center environment. interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service representatives. improved service quality and increased sales by developing a strong knowledge of company s products and services. implemented new e-business program and cisco voip system routinely prepared and evaluated crm reports to identify problems and areas for improvement. developed and implemented iso and copc policies, procedures and process improvement initiatives to improve retention rates and increase customer satisfaction. effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations. successful lead auditor on a team that brought vpna to iso certification. developed, measured, analyzed and maintained process control kpi s to manage business processes using copc, a six sigma methodologies based business systems model. education supply chain management university of north carolina city , state post-baccalaureate in supply chain management, coursework bachelor of science sport management guilford college city , state skills appointment setting, art, b2b, billing, business analyst, business development, business modeling, business operations, business process expert, business systems, , call center manager, coaching, cost accounting, customer relations, customer service expert, database administrator, e-business director, estimating, innovation, inventory control, iso, team leader, logistics, managing, marketing, market, meetings, 2000, outside sales, policies, pos, process control, process improvement, production management, program implementation, project management, quality, reporting, research, retail, sales, scheduling, six sigma, supervisor, supply chain management, teacher, technical support sales software salesforce.com desktop publishing software photoshop, illustrator