sr. home mortgage consultant - wells fargo advisors summary an accomplished, results-driven team player with over 20 years of experience in financial services. extensive broad expertise in banking, finance, investments, insurance, and relationship management. demonstrated proficiency in new business development across all business lines. skills solid communication, interpersonal, time management, organizational, and leadership skills. experience company name may 2015 sr. home mortgage consultant - wells fargo advisors city , state building solid relationships with referral partners, the wells fargo advisors team members by developing and presenting a value proposition, creating and presenting lead identification strategies. receiving customer referrals leads from the financial advisors and converting those referrals leads into mortgage loan applications. remaining accountable to referral partner, customer and others during all aspects of the mortgage financing process. main responsibilities include relationship management instrumental in initiating, developing and managing relationships with wells fargo advisors in an effort to partner with financial advisors for referral lead generation. sales markets and sells wfhm mortgage products to new or existing wf customers using established inbound, outbound and cold calling techniques, in partnership with financial advisors. quality assurance ensures loan salability by prospecting customers who meet loan qualifications standards and or by correctly interpreting underwriting guidelines and policies. central point of contact acts as the primary source of contact for both the mortgage customer and the financial advisor throughout the loan process, including rate quotes and locks, loan originations, and pipeline management. company name march 2013 to may 2015 sr. home mortgage consultant city , state provides consultation in regards to home financing by education borrowers on available mortgage financing products and process business via corporate relationships, direct to consumer marketing and other third party relationships, wells fargo corporate relocation consulting completing loan structuring, pricing loan, locking loan rates, pipeline review accordance with wfc policies and procedures in depth knowledge of investor and regulatory guidelines fha, va, fnma, fmlmc. company name april 2010 to may 2012 financial advisor city , state developing a book of business in order to meet and exceed the required performance hurdles effectively sourcing prospecting clients, capitalizing on referrals, assessing customer needs, referring customers to the appropriate service provider, and executing highly customized solutions to meet the clients needs recommending investment products and services that are suitable for prospects and clients based on their objectives, resources, time horizon, risk profile and preferences balancing investment growth, referral activities, customer follow up, prospect building, administrative compliance and personal growth and development according to both a day-to- day and longer-term plan planning and managing resources time, people, budget seeking the expertise of specialists, where appropriate, to identify planning and investment strategies for a client establishing and maintaining relationship with the management team and informing management of any circumstances that require supervisory attention approval as per compliance guidelines and polices completing mandated training, assessments, performance goals and continuing education requirements. company name august 2008 to february 2010 vice president, wealth advisor ii city , state responsible for identifying prospective clients with a minimum of 1mm investable assets. utilize a profiling based approach with a wealth planning orientation to meet clients overall present and future wealth management needs. prepare presentations, follow up on client contacts, and refer the sale of products and services including portfolio management, private banking, trust, estate services, insurance, as well as other services available across the wells fargo franchise. serve as the relationship manager by coordinating trust officers, investment managers, private bankers, financial consultants, wealth management specialists, insurance specialists and other contacts across wells fargo to deliver full-service wealth management. key accomplishments completion of wells fargo wealth advisor the private bank foundation. company name april 2007 to august 2008 vice president, senior business relationship manager city , state responsible for soliciting and maintaining account relationships with multifaceted businesses with annual gross sales up to 25mm. serve as the relationship manager to existing clientele in providing ongoing financial consulting assess the commercial loan and deposit needs for current and prospective clients. analyze and secure suitable credit with wells fargo bank products and services. key accomplishments completion of wells fargo business banking college of commercial credit medallion stamp certification x phone authorized lending limits final approval on wires processed through fts new 1,000,000 lending new 50,000 lending existing 100,000 lending incremental 50,000 concurrence 1,000,000 concurrence area of caution 250,000 operating exposure 100,000 rcs authority dod exception wire transfers 100,000 ach authority 100,000. company name november 1996 to april 2007 senior national home mortgage consultant city , state responsible for mortgage origination with a focus on relationships through employee mortgage programs with fortune 500 companies affinity groups, and or portfolio retention in depth knowledge of investor and regulatory guidelines fha, va, fnma, fmlmc. develop and manage relationships with both external and internal clients. leaders club, team lead 2006 1st mtg funded units 156 30,520, address amt 195, phone 2nd mtg funded units 43 1,873, address amt 43, phone revenue 590,110.47 revenue bps 193.35 noi 235,967.47 2006 centralized retail referrals cross sell top alliance bank referrals phone 1st mtg funded units 161 34,183, address amt 212, phone 2nd mtg funded units 54 2,491, address amt 46,143 recognized as 1 in home equity sales for 2002 and 2003 in corporate wells fargo recognized as 1 in lender paid mortgage insurance. education minnesota state university 1988 bachelor of science business administration city , state additional information s.a.f.e. mortgage nmls phone inactive licenses series 7, 66, 63 life, accident and health insurance