regional it manager professional summary exceptional it manager talented at personnel management, vendor management and business strategy development. technically-savvy with outstanding relationship building, training and presentation skills. languages spoken english, conversational chinese skills data management team leadership self-motivated budgeting and finance strong verbal communication project management powerful negotiator process implementation conflict resolution staff development risk management processes and analysis work history 09 2012 to current regional it manager company name city , state acted as project manager for 10mn new york office move and serves on advisory board for all international office moves . direct the after-hours 12p.m.edt delivery of first, second, and third-level technical support end users across 14 office facilities and locations, including 500 lawyers and 500 staff members. ensure prompt and courteous technical support. manage, train and review support staff team members. developed smart objectives and kpi s to continually motivate staff. review help desk metrics with help desk manager to ensure tickets are addressed according to sla. identify recurring issues to address with global software and applications manager. work with cross-functional technology committee to create policies that accurately reflect current and future technology trends. work with international trainers to oversee local training requests. draft and distribute local and after-hours call metrics to the director of information technology. purchase and budget all hardware and software for the new york office. lead document production 8ppl , local help desk 2ppl , global after-hours help desk 5ppl , local av office services staff 3ppl . ensure high availability of systems and applications across the organization. serves as last point of escalation when manager on duty. develop, review, and maintain local infrastructure policies and procedures advise on global procedures through technology committee. develop, review, and enforce service level agreements for help desk manager and lead. determine metrics, define measurables, and present data to executives on performance of department. liaise with global team to develop and implement business process improvement for policies that address security policies relating to gdpr compliance and local compliance measures. designed and implemented a knowledgebase tool for use by it colleagues and end users in order to accurately diagnose technical issues. coordinated global resources and training for offices during lotus notes to outlook and windows 7 to windows 8 rollout. increased first call resolution from 85 to 98 through help desk training and cross functional training. supports director of technology with daily operational functions. assisted various business groups with document organization and dissemination during acquisitions. 06 2007 to 09 2011 technical support analyst company name city , state collaborated with the sales, marketing and support teams to launch products on time and within budget. maintained and monitored the server room, the wireless network and other server infrastructure. set up staff workstations with pcs, macs, phones and laptops. partnered with the marketing team to leverage technology into customer value propositions to be used during marketing events. created new hire it training curriculum. acted as technology liaison between technology department and global recruiting division. tested and implemented new technology-based global projects such as nuance pdfcreate. delivered on-site it and av technical support for 300 staff in local and regional offices. 03 2007 to 06 2007 desktop support technician company name city , state hands on roll in domestic and international os migration from winxp to win7. worked with engineering and applications staff to resolve any problems related to the upgrade until functional. key responsibility to support all users from c-level firm chairman through contract services by troubleshooting and resolving all problems relative to the mac, macbook, pc and related equipment. install mac and pc os, configure network settings to integrate with the firm s network, troubleshoot issues locally to provide support for a mainly virtual citrix desktop. work with various interdepartmental groups to resolve in depth issues regarding security and accounts. install and configure hardware and software as it relates to users needs. 10 2004 to 02 2007 software licensing coordinator company name city , state client facing manager responsible for all aspects of department. managed department budget responsible for personnel and department operation. handled monthly billing. performed software audits software asset management . responsible for license and application management. oversee sale of software to students, staff and business units. escalate desktop management issues to vendor and ensure prompt resolution. create standard operating procedure for handling software related issues change management . manage vendor-university technology relationships. worked on implementation of online university software management system. education master of science information management w.p. carey school of business of arizona state university - city , state information management bachelor of arts psychology, sociology chinese studies emory university - city , state major s psychology, sociology minor chinese studies skills budget management. supervision skills. litigation vendor management experience. service level agreement sla management experience. vendor selection and relationship management experience. esx server administration. system center configuration manager sccm management administration. familiarity with installation, maintenance and monitoring of networking equipment. administration of mobileiron bes ms server 08 03 00 windows 7 xp address version 10 07 03 lotus notes 4.6 5.0 exchange 2010 microsoft lync esx netapp servers mimecast citrix xen suite active directory. remote desktop software troubleshooting. legal apps filesite w outlook integration pdfdocs suite carpe diem toa software. project lead on pilot installs rollouts of software, hardware operating systems. completed microsoft certified information technology professional training mcitp .